---
title: "Poly FYP: 3"
layout: post-sequential
permalink: /blogs/poly-finalyear/:year/:month/:day
categories: poly-finalyear
tags: boredom absolute bordom forty hours to understand the damn project another fourty two hueristically evaluate it
---
# 3rd day of final year project

<span class="timestamp">[17:33]</span> jeez, the reason why this is such a late timestamp is because <span class='disable-selection' ondblclick="this.innerHTML='the cloning of this repository is took ages'">&lt;<b>REDACTED</b>&gt;</span>, and now i'm here. Man, do i have some things to say about today. Is it worth it? idk
* <span class="timestamp">[10:38]</span> I heard someone say "What is an API?" and i internally chuckled hard, because not only was I surprised they didn't know it, I also didn't know how to describe it. The person that they asked about it then explains it in the most layman terms, if the layman was in IT but also had alzheimers. I personally think that that's cool
* <span class="timestamp">[13:42]</span> the person next to me is sleeping, and whoa, for the long haul too because they just took off their glasses
* <span class="timestamp">[15:28]</span> so i just had the first meeting with the supervisor, and the put it simply, literally all we had to do was to focus on creating on our own prototype, inspired from the previous group. so, how on earth, like, th- this is our FYPJ??? bloody lightning bolt.

<span class="timestamp">[17:44]</span> as usual, as time ends, they all get more social and louder, and i love it. it more or less warms up the place. that is one thing i appreciate about this arrangement. 

The thing i would almost definitely hate about this FYPJ, is the fact that **i am not good at design**, because shit, i can only improve a design until it becomes usable to me. What even is iterating and improving on it? Like, look at this website! This isn't design! At most, maybe this website follows the 10 heuristics, the 10 heuristics that was sent from God. Moses knew how to evaluate the Israelites from there.


<!--

<span class='disable-selection' ondblclick="this.innerHTML=''">&lt;<b>REDACTED</b>&gt;</span>
<span class='disable-selection' ondblclick="this.innerHTML=''">****</span>

-->
{% include comments.html url=page.url %}

<input id="password-input" type="password" class="text-secret" onkeyup="unlock()" autocomplete="off">

<span class="disable-selection" id="truth" style="display:none;">on about 11am, i had a meeting with the SEN counsellor (iirc, it stands for Special Education Needs?), and more or less, these conversations are exactly what I needed.<br><br>to summarize it, i was basically being too hard on myself for my past and the mistakes that I made. i don't know how or why i decided to put myself on such a high standard. i'm beating myself up because of the past. They had me right, and for the first time someone else actually understood. they saw that, for someone like me, having autism AND also having that awareness, life becomes hard. life becomes hard because now i see what actions i do and how it affects someone. they said its good because, well, it benefits myself and the people around me. however, because of this, i reflect a lot, but to move on and forgive myself was a whole different challenge, a pain that only God can take away, a wound that only God could heal. The counsellor is probably not Christian, so i think He will take the wheel from here.<br><br>it was the Word, that chapter, psalms 139, i have to look at it again. i put it on my ig page, goddamn it! i'm still on the journey to live like how it's supposed to be<br><br><span style="font-size:130%;">God, teach me to let go, and show me life like it's supposed to be</span></span>
