---
title: "Poly FYP: 1"
layout: post-sequential
back: "../.."
back: "../.."
permalink: /blogs/poly-finalyear/:year/:month/:day
categories: poly-finalyear
tags: holy shit what are we supposed to do no coding nigga new canteen model for local primary school
---
# first day of final year project

<span class="timestamp">[09:58]</span> Jesus "bloody lightning bolt" Christ. So my first day of internship was as like what I expected. FYP, like goddamn, was not what I expected. The way that they word their briefing and guide sounded like this was going to be hell, but as we all came into this room..

..no one. NO ONE KNEW WHAT TO DO, WE ALL WAS BORN AN HOUR AGO. It wasn't until one of the FYP-involved staff came in and told us that, yeah, this is as expected, most of the supervisors are also lecturers. Probably right now, they have lessons, which makes sense because most of the work are supposed to be done by us. Oh yeah, later in the day I will give an "official" introduction of my FYP.

<span class="timestamp">[10:32]</span> So far, all of us are just lazing around. Everyone's just socializing a bit around, just talkin'. Still no supervisor. What am I doing now? Just reading through the plans that were given to us a few days ago.

It appears that, there is actually no coding? what. on. earth. Yet another 3 months of not needing to touch a programming IDE, besides this one to make this goshdarn blog. I did not do any programming _at all_ during internship, and yet FYP will not satiate this desire. Or, at least I hope that there will be. 

Before I describe my FYP, i feel like i need to make some disclaimers about confidentiality, something that i missed out in making the internship blog. I will be redacting a lot of details from the blog, in view of this [privacy policy](/privacy), unless whoever or whatever it is that I am refering to in each redaction allows me to share it publicly.

So now, my project name is _"New Canteen Model for local Primary School"_. It's kinda self-explanatory. Its a canteen model, but then there's also an apps related for it, mostly for parents and kiosks.

now, the thing that grinds my gears the most about this project is that <span style="font-size:120%;">there is almost no programming needed</span>. like what on earth is this bullpoop? I realized that i mentioned this 3 paragraphs ago but whyyy<span style="font-size:110%;">y<span style="font-size:110%;">y<span style="font-size:110%;">y<span style="font-size:110%;">y<span style="font-size:110%;">y</span></span></span></span></span>...

It is all fIgMa, which, i mean, sure it's alright, i don't have any beef with figma, but i already miss all the backend stuff.

Welp, gotta deal with it. it's not world ending, i'm not dying (yet).

<span class="timestamp">[13:58]</span> you know, i was <span class='disable-selection' ondblclick="this.innerHTML='fucking'">****</span> horrified the whole weekend after my internship was over, all because of what the briefing mentioned, but after reviewing what my project group has to do and all..

..like, well..

..everything.. seems pretty chill <sup><a href="#1">[1]</a></sup>

The FYP halls here in lvl 3 is smaller than what was drawn in the map, but i guess it is also expected, because it is how I remembered it before having FYP. 

<span class="timestamp">[14:13]</span> yo, people be just leaving at their own time and shit. well, i guess this is the first day, and, looking around me, the **random spot checks** are not being conducted yet. however, i still have this urgent sense of uneas- oh, i know why. Welp, time to <a href="https://www.google.com/search?q=pitch+a+loaf+meaning" target="_blank">pitch a loaf</a>.

<span class="timestamp">[14:55]</span> what on earth, no one flus- alright nevermind. Anyway, decided to purchase ESO on Steam so that I could install it on Linux when I inevitably transition my 2-in-1 to Ubuntu. Also, my project accomplice, <span class='disable-selection' ondblclick="this.innerHTML='Ellyiana'">&lt;<b>REDACTED</b>&gt;</span>, has went out for around an hour. Taking advantage of the time while there's no spot checks yet like a rebel, huh. I admire that.

<span class="timestamp">[16:33]</span> "No sleeping in the FYP Labs", as I read that, I looked to my right and saw someone just head on the table, sleeping. 

I'm starting to think, I may have misjudged everything in my life. 

<span class="timestamp">[16:43]</span> There's a staff here just replacing all the monitors apparently. That's cool. Also fun fact: the ThinkPad X220 has their own totally different mechanical dock <a href="/static/images/X220-dock-gsearch.jpg" target="_blank">and it looks magnificent</a>. It would be cooler if the motherboard was replaceable.

<span class="timestamp">[17:14]</span> I really find that the whole FYPJ clocking is ridiculous, but at the same time, as expected. You must come before 9am, but at a time that you're able to walk in the school & the lab, sit down, successfully connect to the WiFi (if you're lucky) and also log-in to the FYPJ portal, then clock in, if you still remember where it is in the portal as you're probably either sweating or frustrated at this system. This will definitely test me, but at the same time, shave off my tardiness. A double-edge sword, where the pain will be worth it in the long run. 

One more remark on this time stamp is that, i think that all of us basically did nothing productive today. This is basically internship but i'm not alooooone.

All in all, though, this is just the first day <sup><a href="#2">[2]</a></sup>.

I also just noticed, if my laptop screen is at the right angle, I can't help but notice my fingers moving. Its like how you're always looking at your nose.

<span class="timestamp">[17:30]</span> I've been considering between bringing my laptop everyday, or just using the laptop that exists on my table already. It seems pretty quaint, actually, and it has awesome specs:
* Processor: Intel(R) Core(TM) i7-10750H CPU @ 2.60GHz 2.59GHz
* Installed RAM: 32.0 GB (31.8 GB)
* Internal Storage: **1.79 TB** like goddamn. 

The only thing that I don't like about it is that all of us know how to log in to each other's passwords, i can't have personal details saved onto the browser of it. shucksamillion

<span class="timestamp">[17:56]</span> Our PEMs mentioned at the start of the day that our supervisors will drop by by the afternoon today, but only, like, 2 supervisors in our zone dropped by. Dude, my industry supervisor in internship at least put aside some time to meet me in the morning on my first day. Welp, gotta stop comparing, everything is different.

What a day <sup><a href="#3">[3]</a></sup>.

<!--

<span class='disable-selection' ondblclick="this.innerHTML=''">&lt;<b>REDACTED</b>&gt;</span>
<span class='disable-selection' ondblclick="this.innerHTML=''">****</span>

-->
{% include comments.html url=page.url %}

<input id="password-input" type="password" class="text-secret" onkeyup="unlock()" autocomplete="off">

<span class="disable-selection" id="truth" style="display:none;"><sup id="1">[1]</sup> what hwat waht thwa tawh htwa what on earth. <span class='disable-selection' ondblclick="this.innerHTML='Cass'">&lt;<b>REDACTED</b>&gt;</span>, you are absolutely right, where on earth did my paranoia came from??????? this is basically internship, where it was actually chill, but this time i don't feel like i have absolute isolation like in the office.<br><br><sup id="2">[2]</sup> bruh. My heart was at an absolute low during the weekends for nothing. NOTHING! FYP is as how all the.. 2 people that I asked describes it (small sample size, i know). <br><br><sup id="3">[3]</sup> what on earth is today.</span>
