---
title: "Poly FYP: 1"
layout: post-sequential
permalink: /blogs/poly-finalyear/:year/:month/:day
categories: poly-finalyear
tags: holy shit what are we supposed to do no coding nigga
---
# first day of final year project

<span class="timestamp">[09:58]</span> Jesus "bloody lightning bolt" Christ. So my first day of internship was as like what I expected. FYP, like goddamn, was not what I expected. The way that they word their briefing and guide sounded like this was going to be hell, but as we all came into this room..

..no one. NO ONE KNEW WHAT TO DO, WE ALL WAS BORN AN HOUR AGO. It wasn't until one of the FYP-involved staff came in and told us that, yeah, this is as expected, most of the supervisors are also lecturers. Probably right now, they have lessons, which makes sense because most of the work are supposed to be done by us. Oh yeah, later in the day I will give an "official" introduction of my FYP.

<span class="timestamp">[10:32]</span> So far, all of us are just lazing around. Everyone's just socializing a bit around, just talkin'. Still no supervisor. What am I doing now? Just reading through the plans that were given to us a few days ago.

It appears that, there is actually no coding? what. on. earth. Yet another 3 months of not needing to touch a programming IDE, besides this one to make this goshdarn blog. I did not do any programming _at all_ during internship, and yet FYP will not satiate this desire. Or, at least I hope that there will be. 

Before I describe my FYP, i feel like i need to make some disclaimers about confidentiality, something that i missed out in making the internship blog. I will be redacting a lot of details from the blog, in view of this [privacy policy](/privacy), unless whoever or whatever it is that I am refering to in each redaction allows me to share it publicly.

So now, my project name is _"New Canteen Model for local Primary School"_. It's kinda self-explanatory. Its a canteen model, but then there's also an apps related for it, mostly for parents and kiosks.

now, the thing that grinds my gears the most about this project is that <span style="font-size:120%;">there is almost no programming needed</span>. like what on earth is this bullpoop? I realized that i mentioned this 3 paragraphs ago but whyyy<span style="font-size:110%;">y<span style="font-size:110%;">y<span style="font-size:110%;">y<span style="font-size:110%;">y<span style="font-size:110%;">y</span></span></span></span></span>...

It is all fIgMa, which, i mean, sure it's alright, i don't have any beef with figma, but i already miss all the backend stuff.

Welp, gotta deal with it. it's not world ending, i'm not dying (yet).

<!--

<span class='disable-selection' ondblclick="this.innerHTML=''">&lt;<b>REDACTED</b>&gt;</span>

-->
{% include comments.html url=page.url %}

<input id="password-input" type="password" class="text-secret" onkeyup="unlock()" autocomplete="off">

<span class="disable-selection" id="truth" style="display:none;"></span>
