---
title: "Poly FYP: 2"
layout: post-sequential
permalink: /blogs/poly-finalyear/:year/:month/:day
categories: poly-finalyear
tags: bruh chill nothingness autism games sleeping random spot check 
---
# second day of final year project

<span class="timestamp">[10:00]</span> I am of Sugondese desc- ANYWAY Today as I came to school, i realized i had that eagerness to come again, instead of the dread when on the NEL & DT 2 weeks ago. Not only was going to school significantly faster than going to Suntec, but somehow there is some morale in it, as I get to see, well, more than 1 human again. The FYP Labs is a far-cry compared to the office, it is so lively, and I enjoy it very much. The office in suntec was a sensory-deprivation tank, my only joy is in the walks i do around Suntec mall every 2 hours (ngl, i'm not sure if the IS approved of that, I only copied my behavior from ITP the way the other engineer did that time). alrighty then, i should refrain from talking about internship from the next week on hahaha.

<span class="timestamp">[10:21]</span> finally, thy supervisor responds! and i was right, it is the same UX teacher, <span class='disable-selection' ondblclick="this.innerHTML='Ms Lauren Tan'">&lt;<b>REDACTED</b>&gt;</span>, i had last semester. they're good, i think, they seem to have an understanding aura around them (iirc). I got added into a group chat with them and the 2 other projectmates, <span class='disable-selection' ondblclick="this.innerHTML='JunJie'">&lt;<b>REDACTED</b>&gt;</span> & <span class='disable-selection' ondblclick="this.innerHTML='Ellyiana'">&lt;<b>REDACTED</b>&gt;</span> that I will be with for the next 12 weeks of my life. So far, they're like, able to see the things in the google docs? no problem? k bye. "Any problem? Please follow the plan in there for now and clarify if you are not sure what to do." <-- that one is verbatim. I guess UX doesn't really kill someone, its not super stressful, which like the teachers, aren't super stressed at all, unlike pointers in C. 

<span class="timestamp">[10:31]</span> so one of my friends, who had fypj already and now is doing internship, apparently read the [previous day's entry](/blogs/poly-finalyear/2022/05/30), so hello. They mentionied that what I faced was just like how they faced it, people be sleeping, playing games, doing nothing prductive (besides understanding our predecessor's work) and also no random spot checks?? i won't dishonor that one for my FYP but eh. pretty damn chill. Just like how i got a culture shock from internship, i got just as much of a culture shock in fyp, but instead of mountain to valley, it was valley to mountain. What I saw was real, everything yesterday was real, and for all i kn- actually, i don't want to say anything about this yet. 

I should still stay vigilant about this, so that setbacks won't immediately kill me.

<span class="timestamp">[10:52]</span> so, the person who sits next to me apparently isn't here at all so far, so, well, good for me. less nerves today. 

Oh yeah, forgot to mention, I was able to arrive and sign in 2 minutes before i would be considered late! The system is brutal, but it works.

<span class="timestamp">[14:33]</span> goddamn. goddamn it. there is a spot check RIGHT NOW. thank goodness i'm here but now, this implies that this FYP isn't as super chill as i thought. still chill, but not super chill. ughughguhuhuguhg yikesamillion.

idk what kind of construction they're doing near us but i personally don't appreciate it. man, these iem earpieces from shopee are pretty effective in muting the world <sup><a href="#1">[1]</a></sup>.

<span class="timestamp">[16:27]</span> I just noticed, the first two years I had to do all kinds of IT stuff, whereas in internship, all i did was... well, nothing much, but of course there's also FYPJ, where now I am to focus on **design**, and I know for a fact that my last semester will contain **coding**.

<span class="timestamp">[16:49]</span> I just realized, they are giving us an entire week to understand, simply understand it. 9 hours, per day, actually 8 hours not including lunch. 8 x 5 = 40 hours this week to understand a project. Shouldn't take too long, goodness me.

<span class="timestamp">[17:51]</span> if there is one thing that I noticed in this 2nd day of fyp is that people talk more as 6pm reaches, and already enter ending mode. It's like [FNAF](https://arifhamed.com/resources/apk/fnaf-1-(demo)), except that NYP's animatronics belong in the Engineering block. so, uh, all the best for engineering FYP students. I'm not sure if this culture would persist until the end of FYP, I just gotta wait and see though. I really like this small talk, low-volume noise. It reminds me that i'm not a robot like the RPA in the computer.


<!--

<span class='disable-selection' ondblclick="this.innerHTML=''">&lt;<b>REDACTED</b>&gt;</span>
<span class='disable-selection' ondblclick="this.innerHTML=''">****</span>

-->
{% include comments.html url=page.url %}

<input id="password-input" type="password" class="text-secret" onkeyup="unlock()" autocomplete="off">

<span class="disable-selection" id="truth" style="display:none;"><sup id="1">[1]</sup> i found a lot of ig accounts related to autism, all of which are created with neurodivergent people, and oh how much i relate with almost everything they post! if only i could find a christian one. hahaha, if there isn't one, maybe i should create one❣</span>
