---
title: "Poly FYP: 7"
layout: post-sequential
back: "../.."
permalink: /blogs/poly-finalyear/:year/:month/:day
categories: poly-finalyear
tags: i feel pain panic remorse death want to kill myself jump off a building end it all
---
# Seventh day of final year project

<span class="timestamp">[14:07]</span> <sup><a href="#1">[1]</a></sup>, however, they didn't pick up on the fact that i was <span class='disable-selection' ondblclick="this.innerHTML='still at home, probably since my method made it still as if i was present'">&lt;<b>REDACTED</b>&gt;</span>. 

<span class="timestamp">[15:03]</span> i need.. some rest.. because i am <span class='disable-selection' ondblclick="this.innerHTML='so goddamn stressed right now. why does all this happen to me and my head'">&lt;<b>REDACTED</b>&gt;</span>.

<span class="timestamp">[22:44]</span> you know, on hindsight, i should've gotten ready for it. Thank goodness i was able to sound this out to my SEN counsellor and get rearrangements of how i was seated, because, shit, i can't get anything done if the corner of my eye there was someone. I become self-conscious of every move i make, and i get distracted by that, and i just cannot function. It was like that for the first week of FYP. Also, i have (still) have lazy-eye, so i try my best not to point my not-dominant eye to the person whom i'm sitting next too.

gosh i <span class='disable-selection' ondblclick="this.innerHTML='fuck'">****</span>ing hate myself <sup><a href="#2">[2]</a></sup>.

On the other hand, i finished a week's worth of work in, like 4 hours today, <span class='disable-selection' ondblclick="this.innerHTML='in home'">&lt;<b>REDACTED</b>&gt;</span>. Heuristic Evaluation on 3 apps? ez

oh my gosh, is design going to be like art, where i hated it but turns out i'm good at it? unlike art though, my hatred influences more here because there is just so much more to design than fine art, so i ended up getting C for User Experience Design Methods & Techniques module, but got a shining A+ for Art in the mighty GCE oreos.

<!--

<span class='disable-selection' ondblclick="this.innerHTML=''">&lt;<b>REDACTED</b>&gt;</span>
<span class='disable-selection' ondblclick="this.innerHTML=''">****</span>

-->
{% include comments.html url=page.url %}

<input id="password-input" type="password" class="text-secret" onkeyup="unlock()" autocomplete="off">

<span class="disable-selection" id="truth" style="display:none;"><sup id="1">[1]</sup> i feel guilt and shame now, because they had a spot check on 930am. what on earth. i can't believe it. i was panicked and sad, and idk why. so much thoughts in my head aim to ravage my spirit and soul. my body is in internal agony. iadsougfgouaegfouefhauos yd98a yd9asyuffoiasdnyasidnyawdwhq0fh1029e0iuA9uo 8rtyo8QRUIWR OUR98QY FioY GOIAu Ddu a8sfy aoiup, ahhhh &lt;continue&gt;<br><br><sup id="2">[2]</sup> believe it or not, i still end up having a meltdown, or rather, it was a bit more of a shutdown, from like 10am to 12pm, after that i tapped into overdrive for the next four hours. i really need confirmation from the SEN counsellor if there will be new seating arrangements tomorrow, because that's the thing that i hated most about internship, is the fact that i was sitting parallel to Ben. I. HATED. IT. Nothing wrong with the person, but my uncomfortableness will apply to anyone<br><br>perhaps in a sermon its less severe because i have to actively focus on something that everyone else is also focused on. But this FYP (and also ITP but i already been through that) is soOO GODDAMN BORING. This also applies if i was doing my own thing. My attention is gone, it took a vacation to Senkaku Islands to eat mosswood and juggle sand, no return ticket.<br><br>but idk, my stomach is already super upset, either because of the sudden spike of stress this morning or the spicy entourage that i had from 7-11 recently.<br><br>damn. goddamn it. i am so happy to have a cell group, especially [today](https://arifhamed.com/blogs/sermon-notes/2022/06/05/breaking-out-to-the-supernatural-the-extraordinary-experiencing-the-upper-room-encounter) of all days somehow</span>
