---
title: "Poly FYP: 4"
layout: post-sequential
permalink: /blogs/poly-finalyear/:year/:month/:day
categories: poly-finalyear
tags: 
published: false
---
# 4th day of final year project

<span class="timestamp">[09:58]</span> my acquaintance who's sitting next to me is, like, playing Counter Strike. Damn, they're a gamer. I have been wanting to play games again, which i have played <a href="https://store.steampowered.com/app/211820/Starbound/" target="_blank">Starbound</a> recently on the OG ThinkPad, though i've been refreshing in and out the system again and again recently, and right now i'm formatting the hard drive again so that bcache-tools can work well on it. That X250 still has that SSD in it, though i can't see it anywhere when disassembled the X250. I really want to play <a href='https://store.steampowered.com/app/306130/The_Elder_Scrolls_Online/' target="_blank">ESO</a> again.

<span class="timestamp">[11:26]</span> Hmmmm, very interesting, very interesting indeed...

As of today, in Level 3 of Block L, there is no security camera...

<span style="font-size:85%;">yes indeed indubitably, very interesting indeed...</span>

<span style="font-size:70%;">very interesting...</span>

<span class="timestamp">[14:39]</span> The FYP briefing slides says this thing about "Azure DevOps"? We're not using that. Also, apparently, my attendance is 96.67%, if not including the first day and yesterday where i was late, though i think the first day they were merciful enough to give me slack.

Also, if you're reading this and you're having FYPJ, and also if your FYP is quite chill, then please come to the place earlier, like today i came at 0845, and i signed in early, and I got to have a rather chill breakfast in the canteen. Absolutely, delightful. They way this whole attendance works, and also the fact that this is my beloved school, it really gives me an incentive to come early <span style="font-size:70%;">(unlike work)</span>. 

One more thing, my acquaintance has been gone for, like, about 2 hours. Super brave, and rightfully so, as ever since Tuesday, there has been no spot checks. 


<!--

<span class='disable-selection' ondblclick="this.innerHTML=''">&lt;<b>REDACTED</b>&gt;</span>
<span class='disable-selection' ondblclick="this.innerHTML=''">****</span>

-->
{% include comments.html url=page.url %}

<input id="password-input" type="password" class="text-secret" onkeyup="unlock()" autocomplete="off">

<span class="disable-selection" id="truth" style="display:none;"></span>
