---
title: "Poly FYP: 8"
layout: post-sequential
back: "../.."
permalink: /blogs/poly-finalyear/:year/:month/:day
categories: poly-finalyear
tags: meeting bruh what on earth is that vendor kiosk thingy huh
---
# Eighth day of final year project

<span class="timestamp">[16:11]</span> gosh i hate how loud my laptop is. Finally, i submitted a ticket because trying to find guides about the touchscreen and even online, like, am i the only one where my laptop has touchscreen Parkinson's?? 

Anyway, just now at 3pm, we've had our 2nd meeting with the supervisor, where we discussed about our heuristic evaluations. It went pretty ok, we just gotta make greater changes, revamp the whole thing, greater recommendations. That's the challenge in our parts, whereas the first batch got good marks for their designs, we have to make our own.

Somethings that i had to take note:
* Put aside working on Kiosk app
* Focus on Mobile apps, maybe more for the parents
* Should the vendors have a kiosk app at all, should there even be one for students as well?
* Figure out how the vendors receive the orders, maybe just need the total number and prepare that amount of food for that order (3 noodles, 7 rice, etc)? and maybe their "app" will see which students received their order, which is done by the students tapping on something with their POSB smartbuddy watch

So i misinterpreted the title of the project, i thought it had something to do with, like, the physical model of the primary school canteen, the model is like the way the canteen works. We're changing how the local primary school canteen works!

The most stressful <sup><a href="#1">[1]</a></sup> part about this project is the fact that we have create our own design, that's the part where i have to attach 2 different RTX3080s to my neck like Frankenstein's monster, given that the seams don't break from the ultimate processing power that i need.

So i still hate UX, what zit tooya.

<span class="timestamp">[16:50]</span> wth, time flew like that? i'm not even that happy right now <sup><a href="#2">[2]</a></sup>

<span class="timestamp">[22:22]</span> i did something exciting and risky, it was super heart-throbbing and challenging, so much so that i decided to never share it until, like, maybe 2 or 3 years, however that, uhh, _certain saying_ works or whatever.

<!--

<span class='disable-selection' ondblclick="this.innerHTML=''">&lt;<b>REDACTED</b>&gt;</span>
<span class='disable-selection' ondblclick="this.innerHTML=''">&#42;&#42;&#42;&#42;</span>

-->
{% include comments.html url=page.url %}

<input id="password-input" type="password" class="text-secret" onkeyup="unlock()" autocomplete="off">

<span class="disable-selection" id="truth" style="display:none;"><sup id="1">[1]</sup> thank GOD, i was able to get arrangements done, now i can sit alone (kinda), there will be 2 people behind me but i know that they won't invest time looking at me unless they have eyes on their backs. idk what to expect now, besides the fact that i'll still loathe this project, just not as much now, since i will not be self-conscious and distracted as much anymore.<br><br>hmm, it's not really my hearing that distracts me, because i can just plug in, but my peripheral vision of someone who's sitting perpendicular to my line of sight. every movement they ma- ah shit, they're almost always moving. i cannot focus right now, i can't work right now.<br><br><sup id="2">[2]</sup> I found an ig post about <a href="https://www.instagram.com/p/Ceg4athszgM/?utm_source=ig_web_copy_link" target="_blank">"the hidden struggles of being autistic"</a>, the first pointer, which i really expected it to be the last pointer, is the commiting or contemplation of suicide. As an autistic 20y.o. with little to no learning disabilities, that one is real.<br><br>there is this song by bring me the horizon, called "<a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jN0aELsVQFA" target="_blank">1x1</a>", first heard it around the start of internship, and goddamn. goddamn it. such a song relates and hits harder than meteorites. <br><br>i'm staring into the void again<br>no one knows what a mess i'm in<br>the voices in my head say, "i'm just being paranoid",<br>but it's bad <br>for my health<br>how much i hate myself<br>i suffocate, <br>the weight,<br>it pulls me underneath </span>
