---
title: "Poly Internship: Four"
layout: post-sequential
permalink: /blogs/poly-internship/:year/:month/:day
categories: poly-internship
tags: 
---
# Fourth day of internship: Going back to the office (thankfully)

Today, nothing much happened, beside visiting the main office for the 2nd time. Literally the most interesting thing that happened was me going to Sin Min Square for the first time ever. 

It was huge. That mall was filled with just tech everywhere. <span style="font-size:110%">PC parts, <span style="font-size:110%">sound equipment, <span style="font-size:110%">phone hardware, <span style="font-size:110%">everything!</span></span></span></span> It was like heaven, and if I was just visiting as a shopper I would be more out to find a damn VGA right-angle piece. 

I also invested a bit more time to read the Internship Guidelines, and looked through the service reports. For you intern, ensure that you <span style="font-size:150%">__read__ the Internship Guidelines, take some time to do so.</span>. Besides doing the daily whatsapp report and service reports, I was also tasked in modifying the UIPath project, made by the intern after me, and to add in one more NAS to track.

<span style="font-size:140%">Scratch that, I got Python</span>, and almost anything involving robotic process automation is possible with Python! I should know, I have this [entire guide about it!](https://arifhamed.com/guide/automation). So today, I started on creating a Python script (on 3.10.*) that will do the same thing as what UIPath Studio does!

<span style="font-size:85%">Furthermore, it does not require hardcoded variables (on the software itself anyway, one of the sheets on the workbook that we have to modify on a daily basis holds hardcoded values)</span>

### Some things that I learnt/did today
* UIPath, a bit. It is utilized in automating manual and repetitive tasks, such as recording the backup status of network storages from numerous clients.
* `xlwings` python library, for reading and writing Excel files alongside the `pandas` python library.
* Visited Sim Lim Square to replace/collect item

{% include comments.html url=page.url %}