---
title: "Poly Internship: One"
layout: post-sequential
permalink: /blogs/poly-internship/:year/:month/:day
categories: poly-internship
tags: start crying sad meltdown intro introduction first first-time
---

# First day of internship: The start of 3 months

I will use this first post as a kind-of introduction for my **Internship Training Programme (ITP)**, not much happened in the first day, but i can create a story of how my mind perceived it after the intro

> ITP is a time where almost all polytechnic students go through to gain work experience and get a grip and taste of what real-life is working in their industry. IT is my industry, hence I got posted to an IT company that serves IT to other companies as an intern (obviously), and from there I will get to learn a lot of things. So far, I don't think I got to hear of my entire scope, but nothing doesn't seem to characteristic so far

### How it went
As I walked from Promenade to Suntec City Boulevard after a journey from my humble home of _Sengkang_ to _Little India_, and from _Little India_ to _Promenade_, my heart was still in large uncertainty and anxiety. Not taking up this opportunity I can see it as freedom, but i'd rather not limit my chances of geting through poly, nor will I ever want to become a _neet_. 

Albeit, the employer (probably not the accurate term for what his role is in my ITP but for convenience i'm just gonna call him that) was late, and I was like `aight`, first guy i met in that cold office was some guy who thought the new intern was female. My friends thought it was funny, and so do I

When the employer came by at around 0905 or so, he introduced almost all that I had to do in the office and in client sites. By the way, the company is tiny, like I think it is just one room, and the company just consists of 3 engineers and 1 person who WFH and consists of HR and Finance. Oh and the intern, which is **me** for the next 12 weeks.

After being introduced to the room by the employer (who is one of the engineers), he left at some point, leaving behind just me, this laptop and a work pc. I though `wow, this is gonna be life for the next 3 months`. Just me, the occasional visits by the engineers, and an internal chat group where the engineers get in some updates about their work sites and all. I, as the intern, get to text once per day, minimum, to that group, which is a report of the network storages for the company's clients.

Something was behind my eyes throughout the day though. There was not much that was happening that day, and I was just getting started at understanding what the company was about..

Today was a quite a day, one day down out of...  60 working days (84 including weekends, oh and also, I took the 3 months route)

Thank you for reading this blog, I will keep on doing this from 7 March 2022 to 27 May 2022. This blog is for my successor interns after me, and how I handled it 

{% include comments.html url=page.url %}

<input id="password-input" type="password" class="text-secret" onkeyup="unlock()" autocomplete="off">

<span class="disable-selection" id="truth" style="display:none;">I'm just gonna say it, I cried the moment I arrived home. <br><br>For a while too. There was just so much unexplained pain and <span class="despair">despair</span> in me, and I had no idea why. <br><span class="">Could I have been bottling up?</span> <br><span class="">Could the culture shock and change in environment broke my neck? </span><br><span class="lag-echo">Is this the end? </span><br><br>If it wasn't for the Christian **community** for me to talk to, and **God's awesome Word**, I would have never made it. I would have escaped, I would have ran away, I would have made excuses, I would have bargained and not make it through. However, God has plans for me in this ITP, for **God has plans to prosper us, never to harm us**. This ITP may not be easy, and it will **hit you like a bus**, but this is a time where I really want to see God continue to do work in my life. It is time where God makes me move on. _God will be my hope_ for these 60 days, and **God will be my hope forevermore**. Also, hearing from my sister also felt like crying during work and her concern over me after I cried really, really touched me<br><br>Sorry if you read this and thought that this may sound weird. If you can't tell, I am a Christian and for me, giving myself to God really helps me out. <br><br>All in all, may your path be lit, intern.. <br><br>..and remember, <span style="font-size:130%;">hope keeps on going!</span></span>
