---
title: "Hari Raya Puasa"
layout: post-sequential
permalink: /blogs/poly-internship/:year/:month/:day
categories: poly-internship
tags: public holiday hari raya puasa 
---
# Hari Raya Puasa

Well well well.. **two** public holidays back-to-back?? This is such a spectecular coincidence! Also, gotta love to see my extended family again. I literally have not seen them since COVID started. Probably won't see them today though, maybe throughout the week.

{% include comments.html url=page.url %}

<input id="password-input" type="password" class="text-secret" onkeyup="unlock()" autocomplete="off">

<span class="disable-selection" id="truth" style="display:none;">Today is a great break day. I really spent time with myself, taking some time to stim. Today I was able to identify my invisible hurts that I have had for a long time. <br><br>I figured out that perhaps when I get a headache, it's not because I have not had enough coffee in the morning, but rather, I just get overstimulated.I find that stopping whatever I was primarily and secondarily doing helps, alongside just closing my eyes, and if possible, holding on to something that I have a strong emotional attachment with. If i'm at home, it would be this round cat pillow that I have. If i'm outside it would be listening to a currently favourite song that I have over and over. I don't understand how people could just shuffle through their tracks, perhaps that's just me. <br><br>if there is one thing that I do not enjoy in my room, is how much noise the fan could emit. From the motor, the blades hitting the air, the wind hitting my ears, probably more sources. That's not the stim that is good for me. welp, probably can't do anything about it. <br><br>There is this TV that I found on someone threw away. The inspiration for me to see what's wrong with it is dampened by the fact that I have to organize my desk first &#58;&#124;<br><br>Sometimes having just a nap would help a lot in a day, but afterwards, chances are it could mess up your sleep cycle, so your own mind really tries to dodge the idea. However, it can be quite shiok, ngl. just lots of water afterwards.<br><br>I hope my friends gather again on discord.their company really helps me deviate from the usual stale routine when i'm alone at home. i mean, sure, repetition is nice and all, but not when its not enjoyable! having company before you sleep sure is something amazing.<br><br>today, a regret that I have is not going to challenger &#58;&apos;) sometimes, just having a walk around places to see is a nice experiences, especially places new to you. someday, i should just go to vivo city and just walk around and look there. Why that place came to mind is because that's kinda the closest place from CMPB, in which I visited recently<br><br>i can't help but think that perhaps God is making sure things come to light, like, for real. I'm talking about embracing how God made me to be. It's easy to say something out, sure, but actually following through with it is strenous task.<br><br>perhaps one reason why i'm still sane during work, is because I am alone most of the time in the office, and that I'm allowed to be plugged in to my earpieces. This combination allows me to be efficient in whatever tasks my industry supervisor gives me, because damn, I am so sure that in most other environments I would barely function hahaha. Literally my complaint about that office is that it's very cold.<br><br>my mind seems to be in a mess here, that's why i'm just pushing it all aside to this huge string of text! it doesn't hurt me, or anyone at all. That password lock above this hides this safe space where only you all close friends and family can see, and I love you all 💖 like seriously, if you can see this along with the other secrets that means I trust you very much.</span>
