---
title: "Poly Internship: Seven"
layout: post-sequential
back: "../.."
permalink: /blogs/poly-internship/:year/:month/:day
categories: poly-internship
tags: python rpa 
---
# Seventh day of internship

<span class="timestamp">[17:03]</span> Today, not much happened. Literally the only human contact I had in this office is that someone walked in the office and placed a letter to a desk near me.

However, I still decide to be fruitful by working heavily on the my Python RPA, while also learning to utilize imported third-party Python libraries. 

This post for today is really more for the intern to look through as "documentation", or at least what I did to the RPA. This kind of post might become frequent.

### So here what I did today
* Added a lot to the **Python RPA**, but it is still not finished. The following is what i did to it so far
    * Changed the code so that it will **create a new table** if the current date does not exist in the current table, and it will also **create it whether or not it is Monday**, and the dates in the new table will written correctly too.
    * Reinitialize last_row (last row number) and current_written_max (number of clients) mid way so that writing colors and flags to the sheet will write only to the latest table that is most likely the current week.
    * The checks will work like this:
        * Loop through conditions which are read from `Backup Conditions` sheet
        * In that loop, loop through the folders in the inbox and find the correct index (the inbox will return more folders as there are quite a few clients whose NAS has stopped for official reasons)
        * Of course, as the `if` statement will be fulfilled, the index from `enumerate` will be correct
        * Read and save "Method" from `Backup Conditions` to `method`. This is a temporary value.
        * By now we are inside the folder of a client, so now we have to loop through the folder's mail. However, the way that `pywin32` does the folders is (most likely) by looping the oldest first, so i used `reversed`. To cut down time and memory, I have limit the length to a value labelled `maximum_lookback`.
        * Set all the flags, of course
        * Utilize Python 3.10.* switch case, or rather, match case, where the case is `method`.
        * Except for `QNAP` & `BackupAssist`, FLAG_SUCCESS reassigning is functional **TAKE NOTE POST 15 MARCH ARIF**.
        * None of the methods support reassigning of the other 3 flags for now **TAKE NOTE POST 15 MARCH ARIF**.
        * The code for `if FLAG_SUCCESS:` is functional (and should be functional for the other 3), as it writes and colors the excel file (requires very variabilized offsets to be accurate).
    * That's it for today.

{% include comments.html url=page.url %}