---
title: "Introspection"
layout: post-introspection
permalink: /blogs/introspection/:year/:month/:day
categories: introspection
---

<!--

<span class='disable-selection' ondblclick="this.innerHTML=''">&lt;<b>REDACTED</b>&gt;</span>

-->

preface:
* time period: 0900-1840
* topic(s): sin, thievery, convictions

Today, as I held the piece of metal in my hands, and as I gazed upon the Challenger reusable tote bag, something clicked in me, and today, I decided to change my mindset<br><br><br><br>

actually, i already had hesitations the moment i place the monitor inside the reusable bag that i had bring. <br><br><br><br>

I brought it to bring both my ThinkPad and the new ThinkPad Dock that I purchased yesterday. It came with keys this time, which is a feature that I very much like. Bringing the laptop, the dock and also other things that will enable me for the day was justifiable for the reason i chose to bring it.

However, hidden intentions lurk behind, like soldiers in a Trojan horse, or rather, the other way round. A kidnapping was at stake, and the Trojan horse was the bag itself. 

After settling in at around before 0900 to sign in, and after having breakfast, I was able to switch out the docks. I decide to use the, uhm, lesser dock to be a stand in at home for now, though perhaps I do intend to sell it. The use for the bag at the end of the day still persists as I needed it to bring home the dock that was already there. After switching out the dock, I spent the next 9 hours grovelling in purposelessness and fruitlessness, just as everybody else in the FYPJ labs after the interim presentation.

Just as I waited though, towards 1730, my heart rate increased. Ever so slightly, but surely. The tension in me was high. I signed out at 1810, but I was still there. 

Someone else was there. I waited and waited, even though it was about 10-15min, the pressure in me was high. I could not believe this guy. His claim to his friend was false, or at least to my perspective. 

He noticed I was the only other person in the FYPJ labs after 1800. After acknowledging my existence, thinking that I was doing work (though I really wasn't anymore at this point), he finally left.

at last, it is time.

My planning was sub-par, as I did not think so much about who was sitting where, because some didn't really come consistently. I too could also just skip, because we all found our own ways of signing in (nothing in the rules are against Chrome Remote Desktop), though, I would just be increasing my household's energy bill if I did.

Anyway, it took me, about 5 seconds to decide which monitor I wanted to burgle. It was the furthest north-west of my view from where I was sitting.

The labs had 2 kinds of monitor, I chose the HP one because the disassembly between the monitor screen itself and the stand was the most easiest. 

If there was one thing I added my planning was the dimensions of this HD bounty I had in my hands. It was about 49cm to 30cm, about lesser than what the Challenger reusable tote bag I would utilize in this evening robbery. My plan was almost perfect.

One thing that stood in my way was the stand. All i had was a puny precision screwdriver, and our combined force was not able to disassemble the stand. No matter, I can just hide in my windbreaker.<br><br><br><br><br>

As I loitered around my desktop, thinking of what to do, thoughts came whispering. It wasn't blasting like the intrusive thoughts I get everyday, but rather, it was silent.

..and it was.. ..calming..

That was when I knew, what I was doing was wrong. I had stolen many things. Like, many things, everywhere. If anything, I learned it from my family. My sister stole my toys, my dad would steal from his friends, my mum, well, is the mum (aka the most sane person) so she didn't steal. However, I will not blame them, I could only blame the part of me that perpetuated this kleptomaniac behaviour.

If anything, I am thankful for the Holy Spirit being present in my life. Even when no one was watching, the Holy Spirit kept my convictions straight today. Hallelujah<br><br><br><br><br>

So, yeah, i returned the monitor and all. However, as I am typing this now on the bus ride home, I probably should've taken time to assemble it back together. Well, hey, hey shhh, yeah I know there was no one else, but it was in the heat of the moment I just decide to lay it there and pretend nothing happened, even though something obviously did.

and as I'm typing this now, my gosh, thank goodness I didn't steal it. From now on, I think I will commit to the commandments that Jesus himself said, "Do unto others as you would do yourself". I don't want my stuff stolen again like my NRIC in Batam years ago.

To end off this piece, I decided to recall all the times I've stolen and put it here as _a confession_. These are in no particular order, just in what i remembered:

Back in secondary school
- a lenovo keyboard from the art room (i think this is where i started getting more confident)
- a pair of foldable binoculars that i stole back in secondary school, out of spite probably because i didn't like that person in particular at that moment
- at least 2 vga cables from secondary school (yeah a lot in secondary school, right?)
- 2 wired lenovo computer mice (i love lenovo)
- a 4GB thumbdrive that is meant for computing students in school to use, then return, but both me and the teacher forgot, so now i just have it.
- probably more if I remembered

Others
- a bluetooth thinkpad mouse from part-time job before poly started
- <span class='disable-selection' ondblclick="this.innerHTML='a 1TB internal HDD & a 2TB external HDD from internship'">&lt;<b>REDACTED</b>&gt;</span>
- <span class='disable-selection' ondblclick="this.innerHTML='a 2TB SSD & 2x16GB RAM from NYP\'s FYPJ labs, out of one of the workstations'">&lt;<b>REDACTED</b>&gt;</span>
- defintely more if I remember

some items are sensored due to their chronological proximity that they are to me right now.