---
title: "Introspection"
layout: post-introspection
permalink: /blogs/introspection/:year/:month/:day
categories: introspection
---

<!--

<span class='disable-selection' ondblclick="this.innerHTML=''">&lt;<b>REDACTED</b>&gt;</span>

-->

AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAaaaaaaaaaa, so internally tired, no words, i don't frackin know why. jesus christ, "uHh, JuSt gEt sOmEoNe tO BuY FoOd fOr yOu" well how am i supposed to know how my commute from school to you goddamn house was like that, huh? oh now because i seemed off, you take me away from this role? now not only do i feel sad about that, i'm also hungry like a halved housefly. now its just uncomfortable anger. idk, but its the way you say things that seems so goddamn arrogant, and i hated it, its the tone. i catch on that first because it takes time for me to process it. plus, when i walked out of school, my mind obviously didn't process the fact that going via bus was faster. i don't know I DON'T KNOW WHY but asking for help isn't second nature, LIKE JEEEEEEEEEEEZ, PEOPLE MAKE MISTAKES SOMETIMES, PEOPLE FORGET TOO, PEOPLE ALSO DON'T THINK A LOT OF THE TIMES.

the only thing that you've gotten right was that i was masking all this shit. now i've gotten non-verbal. i don't want to speak. it's not that i don't want to talk about it, but its because my body just doesn't accept words to leave my mouth right now. i know that if it does, the wrong shit comes out of my mouth, and it affects everyone. now because of this, everyone thinks that something is wrong in the air again.

i fucking hate it when this happens. 

gosh, why can't i be normal. why can't i ask for help like a normal person? why can't i just think like a NORMAL PERSON. 
