---
title: "Introspection"
layout: post-introspection
permalink: /blogs/introspection/:year/:month/:day
categories: introspection
---

<!--

<span class='disable-selection' ondblclick="this.innerHTML=''">&lt;<b>REDACTED</b>&gt;</span>

-->

preface:
* time period: sunday service
* topic(s): autism, past hurts

today there was an incident where I was told in my face to do something that there was no way I couldn't, or at the very least will have huge trouble in. being told to "just listen" or "choose to ignore the little noises that come" during a sermon, I thought for a split second that this person didn't understand at all what kind of neurological wiring I had. and I was offended, I felt that I was invalidated, that my suffering was something that could solved in one simple step. it's like telling a man with severe cerebral palsy to drive. it's just not that simple.

I forgave them though, and they realized that what they said was wrong and all.<br><br><br>

however, during praise and worship, intrusive thoughts came back. the past haunted me, all the times where I suffered little by little. back then, I didn't know my autism was what caused a huge impact in my social interaction, but it did. this time, it was from different people, especially people in the church. 

in my church, there is no support for people who were like me. no, not just ASD, there was no help for people with ADHD, OCD, ADD, tourette's, all the people who just had a difference in neurological architecture. at most, there is help for people with depression, and in rare cases, anxiety.

but as I accounted for and looked at attendance. there is just no one, either there is no one else or they're just good at hiding it. At most, there is one other person, but I feel that they have taken life the hard way round. in fact, they're probably ignoring it. I guess it works for them, because their symptoms are, if anything, minimal.<br><br><br>

back to the past. I realized that many times in the past, I never brought it up to the people who were leading me, that there were certain things I did, or didn't do, could be related to my asd. then it hit me, how goddamn easier would life have been if I had decided to bring it up to them earlier, and having being brought through how I should handle it earlier. 

and as I stood there, the mental pain of the past hit harder and harder, I just had to write this out now (1105), and the pain of having to ever push through all of that in the past, it'll never leave me. I have disappointed so much people back then, especially myself. back then I thought it was them, turns out it was just me, having to pretend to have a "normal" image.

masking to the point where it kills me, and yet people still look down on me as if i'm weird in an unwanted way.<br><br><br>

however, as I sat on these church stairs (1109) and listened to the gentle rain and whatever vehicle is outside, i came to realise that, perhaps there is a reason to this madness.

maybe, maybe God gave me back those memories, to remind me that there is a way to not go through all that again. 

now, now I know who I am. I have been made to be like this by God, the same God who has plans to prosper me, not to harm me.

now the effort rests on me, to open up about myself, especially how being autistic affects my life. and especially..

..to ask for help. 

asking for help is hard, cuz not only is the concept for asking for help hard, it's also because a lot of the times, the help that I want in my head will never be clear. 

people have mentioned to take time in getting clear, and to ask for help. yes, technically I can do that, but it'll never be easy or fast. 

all I ask for everyone around me to be with, is to be patient with me. if you become a rash person who assumes too quickly, I too become someone who becomes rash and assumes quickly. you may not understand me, and I may not understand you, but the least you can do is to listen, and as long as you try, I will also try to show you my thoughts.

(1124) it's about time I return. hopefully this is what God intended me to ponder about. and if you're reading this, thank you :) 