---
title: "Introspection"
layout: post-introspection
permalink: /blogs/introspection/:year/:month/:day
categories: introspection
---

<!--

<span class='disable-selection' ondblclick="this.innerHTML=''">&lt;<b>REDACTED</b>&gt;</span>

-->

preface:
* time period: all day
* topic(s): generic

<span class="timestamp">[15:01]</span> i've clearly given up on writing to the FYP blog, because more and more heavy stuff has entered my life. the world is beginning to cause much more suffering to me. so much that i can't do anything. 

<span class="timestamp">[15:40]</span> right now, the thing that causes me to fear the most isn't even the FYP anymore. its the future that ever so wants to rid me of itself.

so many thoughts that would come and disrupt anything that i do. i hate, this mental pain is real, i can't handle it.

i honestly can't

i 

i really don't know how life would have been like if it wasn't for His grace and mercy. if i He wasn't on my side, i would have just end it all earlier.

but i don't know why i keep on going

my purpose in life that God has given me is far away, so it feels like where i am now is like nothingness. the entire world and my own circumstances are against me. i feel like there is no point in living anymore.

<br><br><br><br><br>

<span class="timestamp">[16:47]</span> 

however, God said otherwise. He is the way as there is no other way. perhaps this period of prayer and fasting really is where i would face His true sovereignty. i don't want to live my life so frivolously, forgetting the essentials of the Word in place of materialistic things that will perish.

my thoughts will always steer towards sin, towards thievery and deceit, towards lust and anger, towards things that are unholy. this is the first time i took a step back to notice this. looking back, i have many regrets. i have many regrets in doing certain things that has hurt me, has hurt others, and especially, has hurt God.

what kind of child of God am I, to have done this in my life.

---

this time. this is it. this is where i don't put effort into the highway. it's days like these where pain becomes ever so prevailent. whether i am person of color, lower-class, poor, autistic or whatever, i want to be determined for Him and nothing else. 

I want to make use of what little I have to serve Him. Yes, it all makes sense.

This is the mindset, and I must keep on having this. I must not forget. I must not forget.

---

<span class="timestamp">[17:54]</span> God give me the determination and strength to continue on with my life. You promise me a future, and even though I cannot see it, I know that You will make a way. Even though I may receive or give myself the mental torment, God I know that all the pains of this world is temporal and less than dust compared to the never-ending love and power that ONLY YOU CAN PROVIDE. I don't want this time today to just be a high, but God, I want to continue to live like You've meant it to be. I want to continue to work out my salvation, and I don't want to do it alone. Give me a passion for Your Word & Your Spirit, a passion for the things that only You give. All I am is nothing compared to what You give in my life.

You are everything God, as I give myself to You again.

---
