---
title: "AM2R"
layout: post-apk
permalink: /resources/apk/:title
play-link: 
tags: metroid metroidvania rpg shooter
---

> _"review is below" - <a href="https://am2r-another-metroid-2-remake.en.uptodown.com/android" target="_blank">UpToDown</a>_

aight, tbh, i'm not sure if i could even upload this, because while finding a description, i saw how nintendo sent a dmca to the creator of this game, but heck, i'm uploading it anyway, FREEDOM FOR ALL, and besides, <a href="https://am2r-another-metroid-2-remake.en.uptodown.com/android" target="_blank">UpToDown</a>

---

<span class="timestamp">21 April 2022:</span> AM2R (Another Metroid 2 Remake) is an Android port of the remake of the famous Metroid II: Return of Samus, originally released for GameBoy in 1991. Just like the Windows version, this edition uses modern graphics similar to Super Metroid for Super Nintendo, or Metroid: Zero Mission.

In this game -obviously- you'll once again play as the bounty hunter Samus Aran, and destroy the many new evolutions of Metroid as you explore the depths of the planet SR388. Just like other games in the saga, you'll begin the adventure with just a few weapons and abilities, and keep improving as you progress through the game's storyline. It's clearly a classic 'Metroidvania' game.

The main -and only- difference between AM2R (Another Metroid 2 Remake) and the Windows version is that the controls have been adapted to touchscreen devices. The game experience is practically identical, except that you control your heroine with buttons on the touchscreen.

Overall, AM2R (Another Metroid 2 Remake) is a fantastic game that runs perfectly on Android, and one of the best examples of the genre available on this operating system. And better yet, it's completely free!

Reviewed by Andrés López<br>
Translated by Jasmine

---

I have no clue how AM2R came around, probably because people really wanted a Metroid 2 remake, so someone decided to make it possible. Unfortunately, Nintendo was like "hey its my goddamn property, if y'all want a Metroid 2 remake so bad, i'll give you a better one!" so they made a remake on 3DS.

<div class="text-center">
    <a class="btn btn-dark btn-block w-100" onclick='apk("com.lojical.AM2R_1.5.2.apk")' target="_blank" style="text-decoration: none; background-color: #333;"> Download <b>com.lojical.AM2R_1.5.2.apk</b> (318 MB)</a>
</div>
