---
title: "Poly Internship: Fifteen"
layout: post-sequential
permalink: /blogs/internship-poly/:year/:month/:day
categories: internship-poly
tags: sick supervisor alan synology quickconnect security patch inactivity self-study study self fyp fypj philantrophy roots sanity squander joy elicia happy in everythin praise God
---
# Fifteenth day of internship: 1st quarter done

<span class="timestamp">[15:15]</span> Finally got something from <span ondblclick="this.innerHTML = 'Mr Alan'">my supervisor</span> today, and it was quite a doozy ngl. I'm don't blame him though, he's still recovering from covid. As such, i put in into the [what i did today](#what-i-did-today) list below, I got something to record into the e-Logs.

### What I did today
* Update Synology NAS DCM through quickconnect.to with latest security patch as per Synology urgent advisory to fix vulnerabilities. ~The following NAS has been updated~
    * &lt;**REDACTED**: I chose to not disclose client names in this blog (too much words)&gt;
    * took, like, 3.5 hours minimum probably. It was just 7 NAS but updating each of them can take quite a while. It was recommended that i do one by one to ensure things are kept on track and organized well.

As I was reflecting today, I realised my inactivity is really the results of my own actions. I should've taken some time to do self-study and prepare myself for my fyp that'll happen after itp or the AI modules after fyp. Maybe I should pick up AI first, I really should.

Hmm, perhaps that's the benefit of starting internship in your first semester first, even better for me as I have chosen to take it in my first term too. I know someone in my class last year who described his fyp, where what you do really depends on who is your supervisor. Some gives too much work, some gives too little. I really wonder how my FYP would be like, like seriously. My former classmate who mentioned about this didn't even describe their fyp, like is it a software or a website or something??? Gosh, gimme dice, man!

Anywayy, i was gonna write some philantrophical nonsense here but i figured i don't want to scare my target audience just yet.

<span class="timestamp">[17:21]</span> So i was supposed to do an ART for something tmr but I don't have an ART kit, so here I am just editing my website. Whoa, in fact, I almost forgot to complete my e-Logs and do my reflection, so here it is:

>I may have trouble extrapolating my reflection for this week, as it is, admittedly, quite similar to last week. <br><br>Honestly writing down, I do not have much to reflect, but I do have one thing to write down and reflect. <br><br>This week is another week in which I find the true value in spending my time wisely, as much as I have admittedly squandered it. I could have used my free time to pick up a new skill or learn a new topic that relates with my modules that I will be taking next semester, or even learn a bit more about what my FYPJ would be like next term. I could only wish that I have done so more often as I could, but I really could have taken more time to do so this week, if not, last week. <br><br>However, I will find a way to make my time out to be productive next week. I am grateful to have a caring community outside of school and work to have given me such advise on what to do.  <br><br>As my first quarter ends, I hope that the rest of my internship will continue to be fruitful and well. How I would make it so really depends on what my supervisor directs me to do, or how my season would be like. Thank you for giving us interns an opportunity to write this weekly reflection, as it really roots ourselves back to sanity.

{% include comments.html url=page.url %}

<input id="password-input" type="password" class="text-secret" onkeyup="unlock()" autocomplete="off">

<span class="disable-selection" id="truth" style="display:none;">Yesterday after YS rehearsal, I was very comforted at how someone else like me (in NYP too so their results also came out) also went downhill. I had even more joy when they mentioned "in everything, praise God", like amen to that, <span class="disable-selection" ondblclick="this.innerHTML='Elicia'">&lt;<b>REDACTED</b>&gt;</span>! Man, I really am not alone in this world! hope keeps on going</span>