---
title: "Poly Internship: 40"
layout: post-sequential
permalink: /blogs/internship-poly/:year/:month/:day
categories: internship-poly
tags: synology nas 7.0.1 7.1 701 71 pat file .pat quickconnect bitconnect update and restore manually update 
---
# 40th day of internship, 8 OUT OF 12 WEEKS DONE!!!

<span class="timestamp">[14:04]</span> <sup><a href="#1">[1]</a></sup>

<span class="timestamp">[16:00]</span> ngl, writing this weekly thing is now getting on me, not in a good way. however, gotta do what i gotta do.

### What I did today
* Manually update <span class="disable-selection" ondblclick="this.innerHTML='Infospace NAS DSM (2, 3 & 4)'">&lt;<b>REDACTED</b>&gt;</span> from version 7.0.1 to 7.1
    * <a href="https://www.bleepingcomputer.com/news/security/synology-warns-of-critical-netatalk-bugs-in-multiple-products/amp/" target="_blank">News from Synology</a>
    * <a href="https://www.synology.com/en-global/releaseNote/DSM?model=DS220%2B#ver_42661-1" target="_blank">Synology Updates Downloads</a>
    * Download correct version .pat file and use <a href="quickconnect.to" target="_blank">quickconnect.to</a> to access the NAS, or access from NAS 3 without credentials.
    * Click on Control Panel, and Update & Restore, and then click Manually Update. Proceed from there.

---
---

Task name: Daily Tasks

Task hours: 1

Create and send to team group chat WhatsApp report consisting of:
 - Backup status tracking of NAS
 - Storage space warnings
 - Hard drive temperatures
 - Missing NAS

Checked service reports of the previous day:
 - Done by checking time recorded accurately
    - If there is something wrong, I will check directly with the assignee
 - Rename and save reports to <span class="disable-selection" ondblclick="this.innerHTML='Infospace'">&lt;<b>REDACTED</b>&gt;</span> Storage

--- 

Task name: [NOT A TASK] NS Appointment at CMPB

Task hours: 4 

Psychiatric referral from CMPB to IMH

---

Task name: Receiving Deliveries	

Task hours: 0

* Receive a delivery from <span class="disable-selection" ondblclick="this.innerHTML='Ingram Micro'">&lt;<b>REDACTED</b>&gt;</span>. Consists of
    * 5 Dell laptops
    * 5 Dell briefcases
    * 3 Dell docks
    * 1 Dell keyboard & mouse set

---

Task name: Send items to client

Task hours: 1

* Sent delivery to <span class="disable-selection" ondblclick="this.innerHTML='Export Trading Group'">&lt;<b>REDACTED</b>&gt;</span>
    * 1 Dell laptop
    * 3 Dell docks
    * 1 Dell keyboard & mouse set

---

Task name: Manually update NAS DSM

Task hours: 4

* Manually update <span class="disable-selection" ondblclick="this.innerHTML='Infospace NAS DSM (2, 3 & 4)'">&lt;<b>REDACTED</b>&gt;</span> from version 7.0.1 to 7.1
    * <a href="https://www.bleepingcomputer.com/news/security/synology-warns-of-critical-netatalk-bugs-in-multiple-products/amp/" target="_blank">News from Synology</a>
    * <a href="https://www.synology.com/en-global/releaseNote/DSM?model=DS220%2B#ver_42661-1" target="_blank">Synology Updates Downloads</a>
    * Download correct version .pat file and use <a href="quickconnect.to" target="_blank">quickconnect.to</a> to access the NAS, or access from NAS 3 without credentials.
    * Click on Control Panel, and Update & Restore, and then click Manually Update. Proceed from there.

---
---

... le reflection...

---
---

A great variation about this week is the appointment that CMPB has called me for on Wednesday. Afterwards, of all things that could happen, they referred me to IMH. Of every feeling that I have, I was intrigued at how there was a tinge of joy when the medical officer told me that. The reason why remains too personal, but for assurance, I am well about it.

I find that reflection is getting more challenging every week, due to my being becoming familiar with the environment. I really commend Republic Poly students for their ability to do this every single day of their school life. Anyway, as two thirds of my internship has been completed, I can't help but think that whether or not this is what I want to do as a career in the distant future. 

Compared to the last 2 weeks, I somewhat feel better in terms of my mental health. I feel that I will become enlightened soon about who I really am. This week I decided to shorten this reflection, if you look at my e-Logs, there really isn't much of note. If anything, I feel that I could possibly function well working remotely. Internship is meant to give experience, if I recall correctly, so why not give this experience of working remotely?

With everything, thank you for reading.

---
---

<span class="timestamp">[16:56]</span> <sup><a href="#2">[2]</a></sup>.

<span class="timestamp">[17:36]</span> bruh, to be honest, the new user interface for the NAS with DSM 7.1 isn't any better than 7.0.1. If anything, I preferred the old one. Just telling you that, intern, that the UI was once better (maybe it would change by the time you join but idk).

<span class="timestamp">[23:26]</span> <sup><a href="#3">[3]</a></sup>


{% include comments.html url=page.url %}

<input id="password-input" type="password" class="text-secret" onkeyup="unlock()" autocomplete="off">

<span class="disable-selection" id="truth" style="display:none;"><sup id="1">[1]</sup> i just had a minor epiphany. i think, i'm someone who really cares a lot about other people, but never considering my own care first. especially in the terms of welfare. i've been wanting to ask some people how they are, how they have been, but i shut myself up when people ask me the same thing. i'm such a hypocrite. sometimes i wonder what makes someone human.<br><br>but, I want hope. in all the moments of despair i had during this season of my life, this is one where I think I can turn it into hope.<br>perhaps, i have a different calling in life. <br>Perhaps, maybe what I do in life right now is not what I would do.<br><br>I think i'm starting to pick up what His purpose is for me now. <br><br>After this, i'm gonna get myself clear again, talk with the brethren again. <br><br><sup id="2">[2]</sup> Some metal songs are pretty cool ngl, i think i'm meant to live in the 90s, along with my grandfather's bouquet business.<br><br><sup id="3">[3]</sup> Faith restored.</span>