---
title: "Poly Internship: 50"
layout: post-sequential
permalink: /blogs/internship-poly/:year/:month/:day
categories: internship-poly
---
# 50th day of internship

<span class="timestamp">[13:36]</span> Today's morning was a bit hectic, but hey, at least I can put that into my daily tasks.

<span class="timestamp">[14:04]</span> Somewhere in the work PC there is a food guide by a past intern, it's worth a read. On that note, I just want to say literally all the food that I have been eating here are either from <a href="https://goo.gl/maps/5CsK4KhQWatFuRKYA" target="_blank">Encik Tan</a>, E.A.T. & <a href="https://goo.gl/maps/YB8jhuDSMH66Pvqk8" target="_blank">7-Eleven</a>.

<span class="timestamp">[14:11]</span> <sup><a href="#1">[1]</a></sup>

<span class="timestamp">[15:43]</span> I might need to go to <span class='disable-selection' ondblclick="this.innerHTML='ETG'">&lt;<b>REDACTED</b>&gt;</span> soon, so I guess I gotta go write down my e-Logs & reflection first.

<!--

<span class='disable-selection' ondblclick="this.innerHTML=''">&lt;<b>REDACTED</b>&gt;</span>

-->

### What I did today
* Archive <span class='disable-selection' ondblclick="this.innerHTML='yschow@castlereach.com.sg'">&lt;<b>REDACTED</b>&gt;</span> emails using MailStore Home.
* Export <span class='disable-selection' ondblclick="this.innerHTML='yschow@castlereach.com.sg'">&lt;<b>REDACTED</b>&gt;</span> emails to .PST file using MailStore Home.
* Sent .PST file to <span class='disable-selection' ondblclick="this.innerHTML='Alan Kuik'">&lt;<b>REDACTED</b>&gt;</span> using SynologyDrive (<span class='disable-selection' ondblclick="this.innerHTML='C:\\SynologyDrive\\Customers\\CastleReach Asset Management'">&lt;<b>REDACTED</b>&gt;</span>).
    * Removed ignore .PST extension files filter applied by SynologyDrive.
* Tasks above can be found in the CRM under <span class='disable-selection' ondblclick="this.innerHTML='SR11952'">&lt;<b>REDACTED</b>&gt;</span>.
* Checked an EPSON Projector (EB-1751), and updated team of its current lamp life hours. 
    * Product specs: <a href="https://www.projectorcentral.com/pdf/projector_spec_7911.pdf" target="_blank">Projector Central</a>
    * The projector will be rented out to <span class='disable-selection' ondblclick="this.innerHTML='Export Trading Group'">&lt;<b>REDACTED</b>&gt;</span> for their <span class='disable-selection' ondblclick="this.innerHTML='VIP Users'">&lt;<b>REDACTED</b>&gt;</span>. Theirs in their office is completely broken.
* Found VGA & HDMI cables to go with it.
* Delivered EPSON Projector, VGA cable, HDMI cable, power cable, remote controller to <span class='disable-selection' ondblclick="this.innerHTML='ETG'">&lt;<b>REDACTED</b>&gt;</span>

---
> Now here art thou the logs. if i didn't follow my own format of creating my blogs, then whatever, i really don't give 2 megabytes of care.

---
---

Task name: Daily Tasks

Task hours: 1

Create and send to team group chat WhatsApp report consisting of:
 - Backup status tracking of NAS
 - Storage space warnings
 - Hard drive temperatures
 - Missing NAS

Checked service reports of the previous day:
 - Done by checking time recorded accurately
    - If there is something wrong, I will check directly with the assignee
 - Rename and save reports to <span class="disable-selection" ondblclick="this.innerHTML='Infospace'">&lt;<b>REDACTED</b>&gt;</span> Storage

--- 

Task name: Toggle forwarding status for customer

Task hours: 0

* Enabled forwarding for <span class='disable-selection' ondblclick="this.innerHTML='henry.tan@flexisystems.com.sg'">&lt;<b>REDACTED</b>&gt;</span> to <span class='disable-selection' ondblclick="this.innerHTML='sales@flexisystems.com.sg'">&lt;<b>REDACTED</b>&gt;</span>
* Disabled forwarding for <span class='disable-selection' ondblclick="this.innerHTML='henry.tan@flexisystems.com.sg'">&lt;<b>REDACTED</b>&gt;</span> to <span class='disable-selection' ondblclick="this.innerHTML='sales@flexisystems.com.sg'">&lt;<b>REDACTED</b>&gt;</span>

---

Task name: Test USB-SATA Dock

Task hours: 0

Test if USB-SATA Dock is functional. Used existing HDD in office. USB-SATA Dock is functional.

---

Task name: Pass items to <span class='disable-selection' ondblclick="this.innerHTML='Mr Alan'">&lt;<b>REDACTED</b>&gt;</span>

Task hours: 0

Passed items to <span class='disable-selection' ondblclick="this.innerHTML='Mr Alan'">&lt;<b>REDACTED</b>&gt;</span>'s car. The following are the items:
* Seagate HDD (that was acquired last week Friday)
* Dell Lattitude 3420
* Dell Essential Laptop bag
* USB-SATA DOck
* An IKEA bag that i took from <span class='disable-selection' ondblclick="this.innerHTML='Mr Alan'">&lt;<b>REDACTED</b>&gt;</span>’s car 2 weeks ago to transport something.

---

Task name: <span class='disable-selection' ondblclick="this.innerHTML='Eximdis'">&lt;<b>REDACTED</b>&gt;</span> onsite

Task hours: 2.5

* Learn what a wire tracker is and how it works. This is my interpretation: 
    * Consists of two parts, the signaller and the receiver. Connect any network cable (either RJ11 or RJ45) and the signaller will send a signal through the cable when turned on. 
    * Test the receiver. If it makes a beep boop sound when the tip is near and turned on, than that means the connection for that wire is working. It is otherwise if the receiver just makes static when turned on.
    * Most of the time, you would use this in infrastructure like an office, to see if a LAN port is connected and functioning to the server room for example. The parts would work in tandem usually far apart.
    * Most of the time, there could be a lot of cables in a switch (like in thie office) and it may be necessary to test each cable for the signal. If the signal is still picked up in a bunch of wires, then that means that the connection works and depending on the task, there may be no need to test each cable from there.
* Install TP-Link Access Points.
* Reorganize server room.

Most unmentioned tasks in this onsite are done by <span class='disable-selection' ondblclick="this.innerHTML='Jae Liew'">&lt;<b>REDACTED</b>&gt;</span>

---

Task name: Oversaw Dell engineer's analysis of customer employee's Dell XPS Laptop.

Task hours: 2

* Plan: Test if motherboard was spoiled
* Result: Motherboard was not spoiled, but when attempted to boot with original SSD, it would not boot. When booted with a different SSD (with an existing copy of Windows), it works. SR was emailed to <span class='disable-selection' ondblclick="this.innerHTML='support@infospace.com.sg'">&lt;<b>REDACTED</b>&gt;</span>

---

Task name: Toggle forwarding status for customer

Task hours: 0

* Enabled forwarding for <span class='disable-selection' ondblclick="this.innerHTML='henry.tan@flexisystems.com.sg'">&lt;<b>REDACTED</b>&gt;</span> to <span class='disable-selection' ondblclick="this.innerHTML='sales@flexisystems.com.sg'">&lt;<b>REDACTED</b>&gt;</span>
* Disabled forwarding for <span class='disable-selection' ondblclick="this.innerHTML='henry.tan@flexisystems.com.sg'">&lt;<b>REDACTED</b>&gt;</span> to <span class='disable-selection' ondblclick="this.innerHTML='sales@flexisystems.com.sg'">&lt;<b>REDACTED</b>&gt;</span>

---

Task name: Customer email archival

Task hours: 1

* Archive <span class='disable-selection' ondblclick="this.innerHTML='yschow@castlereach.com.sg'">&lt;<b>REDACTED</b>&gt;</span> emails using MailStore Home.
* Export <span class='disable-selection' ondblclick="this.innerHTML='yschow@castlereach.com.sg'">&lt;<b>REDACTED</b>&gt;</span> emails to .PST file using MailStore Home.
* Sent .PST file to <span class='disable-selection' ondblclick="this.innerHTML='Alan Kuik'">&lt;<b>REDACTED</b>&gt;</span> using SynologyDrive (<span class='disable-selection' ondblclick="this.innerHTML='C:\\SynologyDrive\\Customers\\CastleReach Asset Management'">&lt;<b>REDACTED</b>&gt;</span>).
    * Removed ignore .PST extension files filter applied by SynologyDrive.
* Tasks above can be found in the CRM under <span class='disable-selection' ondblclick="this.innerHTML='SR11952'">&lt;<b>REDACTED</b>&gt;</span>.

---

Task name: Delivery of items to customer site

Task hours: 1.5 

* Checked an EPSON Projector (EB-1751), and updated team of its current lamp life hours. 
    * Product specs: <a href="https://www.projectorcentral.com/pdf/projector_spec_7911.pdf" target="_blank">Projector Central</a>
    * The projector will be rented out to <span class='disable-selection' ondblclick="this.innerHTML='Export Trading Group'">&lt;<b>REDACTED</b>&gt;</span> for their <span class='disable-selection' ondblclick="this.innerHTML='VIP Users'">&lt;<b>REDACTED</b>&gt;</span>. Theirs in their office is completely broken.
* Found VGA & HDMI cables to go with it.
* Delivered EPSON Projector, VGA cable, HDMI cable, power cable, remote controller to <span class='disable-selection' ondblclick="this.innerHTML='ETG'">&lt;<b>REDACTED</b>&gt;</span>
* Tested projector functionality onsite
* Guided <span class='disable-selection' ondblclick="this.innerHTML='May'">&lt;<b>REDACTED</b>&gt;</span> on how to use the projector
    * Gave them my number just in case something goes wrong if the target users have trouble using the projector

---
---

<span class="timestamp">[16:32]</span> I have to go RIGHT NOW to the customer site to set up that projector. Fun fact: I am to not reveal the fact that the projector was from us 😏 and i don't know why. Speaking of which, I will upload the actual e-Logs & reflection when I get home.

<span class="timestamp">[Sat]</span> SO I forgot to write down the reflection and submit the e-Logs. Guess i'll finish it now.

---
---

As each week and day advances, my belief for the value of time management increases, as each day I find myself procrastinating against writing the report and creating the poster. More or less, I understand the purpose of each of those, and I would have been much more stressed out if it wasn't for previous examples shared through the ITP portal and Blackboard.

This week deviates from the usual routine: On Tuesday I was sent to a customer site for the first-time for a few weeks, excluding <span class='disable-selection' ondblclick="this.innerHTML='Export Trading Group'">&lt;<b>REDACTED</b>&gt;</span>. During that time I learned to use a tool that I have never seen before, and <span class='disable-selection' ondblclick="this.innerHTML='Mr Alan Kuik'">&lt;<b>REDACTED</b>&gt;</span> & <span class='disable-selection' ondblclick="this.innerHTML='Jae Liew'">&lt;<b>REDACTED</b>&gt;</span> adviced me well on how to use it. That onsite visit I got to meet a new person too, though it was brief.

On Friday, I had to deliver a projector to <span class='disable-selection' ondblclick="this.innerHTML='ETG'">&lt;<b>REDACTED</b>&gt;</span>, and install it, and test it to see if it works, and also guided the receptionist the know-hows for the projector. 

These visits thought me that perhaps I.T. truly is something that many people cannot have a grasp on. It still brings a shock to me that there are people who have no idea how some certain things work. Perhaps setting up WiFi & a network is a bit harder, but in all honesty, it was the same day where I found that projector in <span class='disable-selection' ondblclick="this.innerHTML='the Infospace office'">&lt;<b>REDACTED</b>&gt;</span> and also sent that projector to set it up. 

I actually considered changing my industry whilst in this internship, as I thought that perhaps I.T. was hard for me. However I will not make any solid decisions yet, nor will I discuss any further details of my thoughts about this.

I cannot help but look forward to going back to school again, and seeing my schoolmates again. This internship really thought me the futility of capitalism.

Anyway, thanks for reading!

---
---

<span class="timestamp">[Sat]</span> aw jeez what on earth is that reflection. Welp, gotta do what i gotta do. Today is the most free saturday I've ever had, now that I'd think about it.


<!-- 
<span class='disable-selection' ondblclick="this.innerHTML=''">&lt;<b>REDACTED</b>&gt;</span>
-->


{% include comments.html url=page.url %}

<input id="password-input" type="password" class="text-secret" onkeyup="unlock()">

<span class="disable-selection" id="truth" style="display:none;">bloody lightning bolt<br><br><sup id="1">[1]</sup> I feel like I reserve this secret space for my true honest thoughts, so um, I guess that is what it is. <br><br>I have about 10 days (9 days if you don't include vesak day) of internship left, and I am glad. What an experience this has been. More or less, though, my thoughts will be reflected truly upon each reflection and the final report.<br><br>aw <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shit,_Mazandaran" target="_blank">shit</a>, gotta do both today 😰</span>
