---
title: "Poly Internship: Nine"
layout: post-itp
permalink: /blogs/internship-poly/:year/:month/:day
categories: internship-poly
---
# Ninth day of internship

<span class="timestamp">[14:46]</span> So as it turns out, my supervisor <span ondblclick="this.innerHTML = 'Alan Kuik'">&lt;REDACTED&gt;</span> was sick and couldn't give me tasks to do. Perhaps that became applicable with the other 2 engineers that are in the company, even as I asked for tasks from one of them, even they didn't have anything for me to do. My gosh, is this the most chill job ever? 

My mind is quite dull today, like, it was hella blank. Sitting in front of a computer all day in a room by myself? That is almost no different from me not having internship, except that my family isn't with me until I go home, and there also appears to be no controls to the air-conditioner in the office.

<span class="timestamp">[15:24]</span> According to my own copy of the `Student Internship Guide` provided by NYP after the internship briefing, I realise that within last week or this week, the **School Internship Mentor** (**SIM**) was supposed to have a company visit, leaving just today or tomorrow left for them to visit. However, because of how COVID _&lt;derogatory nouns and verbs with clear hatred against subject matter&gt;_, my SIM has been advised to do a Zoom call instead, so chances are this may happen to you too. Zoom, it kidnapped us against covid and now the world has stockholm syndrome. 

Damn this post really has nothing. 

{% include comments.html url=page.url %}

<input id="password-input" type="password" class="text-secret" onkeyup="unlock()">

<span class="disable-selection" id="truth" style="display:none;">Well, I still got something to say in this post actually, as I decided to not dilly-dally and listen to what my harvest group leader said: start on FYP (or study up). Even though I would have 3 months of dedicated time to do FYP after this 3 months of internship, I can ask friends who are undergoing the FYP-first flip-flop. You, intern, can do the same under whatever time-span you will have.<br><br><i>Making the best use of the time, because the days are evil. Therefore do not be foolish, but understand what the will of the Lord is.</i> <br><br>Ephesians 5: 16-17<br><br>I cannot really conclude this week yet, as there is still a day tomorrow, but so far I can already tell this week is significantly different compared to last week. In any case, hope keeps on going.</span>