---
title: "Poly Internship: Two"
layout: post-sequential
permalink: /blogs/internship-poly/:year/:month/:day
categories: internship-poly
tags: tak tak-products-and-services onsite people new office jaron chia
---

# Second day of internship: Gotta rev up the engine
Second day and I'm already deployed to other client sites. 

To make matters worst, the client company office is in Yew Tee. <span style="font-size:130%;">Yew Tee</span>. This is alright for some people, mostly people who live near Yew Tee. However, there is no conceivably short way for me to go from **Sengkang** to **Yew Tee**. Moreover, the office was _far_ from Yew Tee, and because of that I must come to Yew Tee much earlier, and take the company bus there. If you miss the bus, you have no choice but to take a cab there. That's how it went for today

But other than the location, the office in Yew Tee was actually quite exquisite. Like, from the outside, it just looks like another brown industrial building with a warehouse, but in the inside is a prestine office, mostly out of **professionally laminated wood**, full of _designer furniture_. Air-con too (like most offices). The food nearby is also quite affordable (unlike CBD area)

The person who was my IC for that office is a pretty cool guy too. Nothing to say much about them, they're good at what they do. I stuck with them for the entire time I was on-site for that office..  <span style="font-size:70%">..and they saw me on the one punch man subreddit on my phone once, and before work ended, we talked about the latest manga. <span style="font-size:50%">i'm not a weeb if it is just 1 manga series</span></span>

### Some things I learnt on the job
* Map network drives in the same network
* Install and connect a printer via IP address
* Open up a PC case, or at least for a Lenovo M700, and switch out the storage inside it.
* Set a default font for excel, word & outlook (seriously, never knew you can set a default font)
* Use Chrome Remote Desktop (also, never heard of it until today)

{% include comments.html url=page.url %}

<input id="password-input" type="password" class="text-secret" onkeyup="unlock()" autocomplete="off">

<span class="disable-selection" id="truth" style="display:none;">honestly, without the company (people) and how I was able to learn quite a lot from being on-site, I would've really dread the fact that I was in a place so distant, so far away from the comfort of my home. <br><br>God is slowly showing me that yeah, there are things in my life that only gets worst if we think it gets worse. This is just the first week of course, and yet, I almost drowned in the tears of despair yesterday. I am glad, <span style="font-size:140%;">I am glad</span> to have such a loving and caring community, centred towards the ever-loving God. I must remember that God is a God that remains the same, yesterday, today & forevermore<br><br>If you do not have a close community to share your life with, join one. Join one where there is passion and purpose, where they will never leave you in the dust. Keep holding on, for hope keeps on going!</span>