---
title: "Poly Internship: Twelve"
layout: post-sequential
permalink: /blogs/internship-poly/:year/:month/:day
categories: internship-poly
tags: chairs new chair phone call issue issues calls internal macbook gpa upset sad journalling journal
---
# Twelfth day of internship


<span class="timestamp">[14:29]</span> <sup><a href="#1">[1]</a></sup>

<span class="timestamp">[16:50]</span> <sup><a href="#2">[2]</a></sup>, oh and also, I'm starting to think that maybe this office needs new chairs, like damn, the one that i'm sitting on right now gives me terrible posture. Maybe it's just me, I guess that's a downside of being so tall.

<span class="timestamp">[17:40]</span> For the sake of the e-Logs this week I may as well regard what I did today for work anyway.

### What I did today for work
* Answer 2 phone calls from 2 different clients 
    * Due to the nature of the the clients' issues, I decided to forward their issues to my team, as I did have the ability to fix their issues (yet).
    * Only 1 stated their issue, which was regarding setting up their work email to their new Macbook. The other one wanted to contact HR and employment (which is obviously not me).

{% include comments.html url=page.url %}

<input id="password-input" type="password" class="text-secret" onkeyup="unlock()">

<span class="disable-selection" id="truth" style="display:none;"><sup id="1">[1]</sup> I was utterly upset. Seeing my GPA. Results came out today at the brink of dawn. As I saw it, it was the first time it came below 3. I actually saw it in the morning, but something about seeing it put me in shock until after lunch today.<br><br>3.05 to 2.86. A downward wave<br><br>I felt lost, I felt like a failure. There was no one for me to blame. I found it hard to comprehend. I could not believe it. I really don't know why. <br><br>i don't get it. i don't understand. i don't know why. _&lt;this line was repeated about <a href="/static/images/62725.jpg" target="_blank">62,725 times</a>, removed because jekyll took 41min to build this website when i added this set of repetition in &gt;_<br><br><sup id="2">[2]</sup> Journalling really helps, like oh my goodness. Before accounting to some close friends and my harvest group leader, i found that I should be real with myself. If a problem is in your face, do not run away and hide. My **GPA isn't everything**, one of my close friends mentioned. They're right. I think today was God's test of whether I would run & hide in despair, or be real & transparent and continue to worship and praise Him. To be frank, when I saw my GPA for the first time, my spirit in me already left the post-it note in my mind's controls to choose the latter. Today, I made a resolve to continue to glorify His Name over my own selfishness.<br><br>Chances are, if you happen to be the 2023 March Intern, today would be when you check out your results. Can I invite you to seek God, no matter how good or bad your results came to be?</span>

