---
title: "Poly Internship: Ten"
layout: post-itp
permalink: /blogs/internship-poly/:year/:month/:day
category: internship-poly
---
# Tenth day of internship

<span class="timestamp">[12:20]</span> I'm just gonna say this, I am glad to have started this blog, because damn, I would've lost my marbles and then some. This blog, alongside YT Vanced, keeps my mind running. Today is Friday, hence I have to right the e-Logs and reflection for this week. If you don't have anything to do, you may as well start the e-Logs and reflection early into the day already. 

Now would be a good time to talk more about the rest of my year. After ITP, I will have FYP right after it, and as of now, I am still trying to get information from friends who have FYP first. Other than 3 months of ITP then 3 months of FYP, I would have a good holiday after that, oh so so sweet. The Promised Land, 2-3 months of holiday. After that holiday wouldn't be so bad either as I have the academic track to finish before graduating. 

I chose Artificial Intelligience, so basically, the RPA that i'm doing in ITP isn't that far for what I would do in the future actually. During the spare time of ITP, I would try to pick up AI early. Better start somewhere, and also to not waste your time.

<span class="timestamp">[17:23]</span> So i'm finishing my e-Logs right now (yeah kinda procrastinated it but i still have ample time), so now I got a tip for you, intern. Just copy paste the following:
```
Task name: Daily Tasks

Task hours: 2


Create and send to team group chat WhatsApp report consisting of:
 - Backup status tracking of NAS
 - Storage space warnings
 - Hard drive temperatures
 - Missing NAS

Checked service reports of the previous day:
 - Done by checking time recorded accurately
    - If there is something wrong, I will check directly with the assignee
 - Rename and save reports to <REDACTED (COMPANY NAME)> Storage
```
Obviously you can edit the hours if you need and also here's another copypasta if you need it too
```
Task name: Answer Phone Calls

Task hours: 0.5


Answered phone call from a customer, and forwarded customer and issue details to team.
```

<span class="timestamp">[17:47]</span> Here is my reflection for today too

> This week has been rather a calm week. In fact, too calm. Ever since my supervisor has gotten sick, they are unable to give me tasks, hence I have been spared with a lot of time. For the last 5 days, I found that I have a lot of free time. It seems that not a lot customers happen to have much problems this week too, which is rather interesting.<br><br>After receiving advice from friends who went through internship in poly, I decided to take the opportunity to make use of my time, fruitfully. This week I have been working hard on my own website, which is already online thanks to GitHub Pages. This personal project goes under "Self-study" in the e-Logs. I find that this internship would be wasted if I just let myself do my own thing, and either way, the cameras in the room does not enable my morality to stand down anyway, so that is something that I had to consider.<br><br>On a more psychological and mental side of this reflection, from last week to this week, my state came from despair to solidarity. In complete honesty, I appreciate this time alone, though I have made comparisons about my time, for the time alone is almost the same as if I had holiday instead. I cannot deny that the time right now is rather chill, compared to last week. <br><br>This week has been quite a week which I had my mind to rest. Perhaps it was a side effect of the booster shot? The main value that I have learnt and developed of is the value of productivity even in the blank times. Being fruitful even in the desert. <br><br>However, in everything, I really do appreciate this week. The experience of going to office everyday is valuable for my future and the development of my character. 

I guess the reflection speaks my mind for concluding today, so there it is.

{% include comments.html %}

<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>

<span class="disable-selection" onclick="loadText()" style="color:#0005;">nothing deep happened today</span>
<span class="disable-selection" id="load-text" style="display:none;">Finally, prayer meeting comes back to corporate again. 2 years of going to other peoples' houses doesn't hurt, but to have that refreshing corporate worship with the church on a Friday night is like taking a cold bath after riding your hog all day in front of a computer screen. <br><br>The distance between Suntec & the church was pretty short, so i had, like, and hour for dinner. As I approached a coffee shop, I slowly saw some people from the youth, and then I brightened up, as a wave of joy and happiness came over me seeing my community near church. I tagged along some of my brothers and we got to have fellowship, of which I ever so value so much.<br><br>Now the Word that pastor had for us during prayer meeting today, penetrated my soul. I lost the believe that there is power in declaring God over my obstacles of life. It was super refreshing, and to be honest, I was not expecting that rhema to come. I wish that prayer meeting would be in church every week, even if the distance to home is further than going to other peoples' houses.<br><br>Until next week, i want this hope that God provides will persevere, for His hope keeps on going.</span>