---
title: "Poly Internship: Fourteen"
layout: post-itp
permalink: /blogs/internship-poly/:year/:month/:day
categories: internship-poly
---
# Fourteenth day of internship

<span class="timestamp">[16:46]</span> The day is yet to end, but my energy has been reduced to the point my biological operating system has entered survival mode<sup><a href="1">[1]</a></sup>, despite the fact that nothing much of value happened at all today. Just like eating the same noodles everyday, this paid pseudo-holiday has become bleak. Nothingness and meaninglessness has entered my being, just like Solomon when he was writing Ecclesiastes.

<span class="timestamp">[17:13]</span> It is around this time (starting yesterday for me) where the first round of bursary applications start, and I barely have any time to get it done, as it requires my parent's signature. Plus, signing it on a mouse really doesn't do me justice. I hope by today my mum's still awake enough to sign it for me

My gosh, besides the daily tasks, i virtually did nothing unique or new today, besides continue working on small improvements and enhancements on this website.


{% include comments.html %}

<input id="password-input" type="text" class="form-control w-100 text-center" onkeyup="unlock()">

<span class="disable-selection" onclick="loadText()" style="color:#0001;display:none;">i need to stay alive</span>
<span class="disable-selection" id="truth" style="display:none;"><sup id="1">[1]</sup> Since the night of Tuesday, a part of me was concerned over how I would have the return to my humble abode at a very late time, as my schedule is as such:<br>&#8226; Wednesday &raquo; Cell group<br>&#8226; Thursday &raquo; Youth service rehearsal<br>&#8226; Friday &raquo; Prayer meeting<br>&#8226; Saturday &raquo; Youth service then easter rehearsal<br>&#8226; Sunday &raquo; Sunday service then easter rehearsal<br><br>My mental energy is almost depleted, i need more. I mean, like, the best source of that is God. As i was typing these thoughts down, the realization came into mind about how these kind of thoughts about feeling like there is a lot in my plate can slowly snowball into a selfish mindset. <br><br>That's just the way of growing up. It doesn't get any easier, no matter what anyone may say or what you see. Despite this though, that doesn't mean you should harden yourself against everything, especially towards your close friends, and especially the good ones. Of course, you must pick up your stones and be a man, but to be vulnerable to whomever you are accountable to has more value as compared to the former. Having a community that cares for you truly would really help to alleviate the pains of life. <br><br>It is because of how God sent the people whom I care a lot back is how I am where I am today. I can continue to branch this out this aspect so much more too, but that is for you to realize for yourself first. As for me now, I am still learning to rise up and grasp onto the life that is set before me. If there is one thing that keeps me going, is that the hope that God gives. The anchor, the rock, the salvation, the Hope that keeps on going!</span>