---
title: "Poly Internship: Eight"
layout: post-itp
permalink: /blogs/internship-poly/:year/:month/:day
categories: internship-poly
---
# Eighth day of internship

<span class="timestamp">[17:24]</span> Alright, what is up with this week. I feel that the situation right now is very much caused by COVID. &lt;REDACTED&gt; was right, this is kinda like prison. I have asked the supervisor for instructions but he's also kinda sick, hopefully with a non-COVID related disease, because damn, that would make this blog shorter than it is. Literally all I did today was do the daily tasks, and I didn't even have the inspiration to work on my Python RPA

<span class="timestamp">[17:42]</span> Oh my goodness, <a href="https://vancedapp.com/" target="_blank">Vanced</a> has stopped operations, about 2 days ago. Vanced is basically a company that makes certain software... well, basically YouTube Premium for free (no ads, auto-skips sponsorships, among other stuff), also YouTube Music. I have been using YouTube Vanced ever since, like, about last [Thursday](https://arifhamed.github.io/blogs/internship-poly/2022/03/10). I would say I would have lost my mind by the silence in this office if it wasn't for Vanced. 

Hopefully, my own Vanced app in my phone will still continue to work after that, hopefully it doesn't require a connection to some Vanced server or something.

Anyway, if you're an Android user, <a href="https://arifhamed.github.io/resources/apk/Vanced" target="_blank">here it is</a> (the post should be made available by 6 April 2022, halfway through my internship). I think iOS have a different app that functions similarly but (probably) not threatened by Google yet.

<span class="timestamp">[23:28]</span> I just read somewhere that the app itself would stop working soon. I already started to notice it when some intros weren't properly skipped. Vanced is going to be gone for good

Due to the nature of this internship, this isn't really a huge hit for us, since I can just plug in and put the phone down on the desk with basic YouTube.

Well, unless someone either recreates or modify Vanced to still be working. That's not within my abilities though, but seems fun to to do imo. For all I know, Vanced will rise again.

{% include comments.html %}

<input id="password-input" type="password" class="form-control w-100 text-center" style="border:0px; background-color:#f2f2f2;" onkeyup="unlock()">

<span class="disable-selection" onclick="loadText()" style="color:#0001;display:none;">nothing deep happened today</span>
<span class="disable-selection" id="truth" style="display:none;">Once again, gonna spend some good time with the harvest group. The Word that was shared on Sunday was way too relatable.<br><br>The wilderness protects you from the enemies. The mountain forests deter the bandits, but the desert plains welcomes robbers. This internship is the mountain, like, uphill, but for all I know, this is most likely the best course for me in my life right now. <br><br>Perhaps I have found the purpose of my season now.<br>Here is what I shared about my season of wilderness now:<br><br>_Facing the Wilderness: <br>Currently, for three months, I face this thing I never thought I would dread: internship. There are many challenges that I face in this internship, the first one is the huge change in environment that caused me to have a mental breakdown after the first day. There is also the ever-looming loneliness that accompanies me this week. I won't want it to happen, but I know for a fact that the challenges may diversify in the near future (until late May). <br><br>So far, I am not one to take 'shortcuts' so fast, but ever since internship started, i began this habit that creates many alternate scenarios in my head that would point towards my ideal situation. I would subconsciously speculate and wish for a shortcut. I confess that I have considered cutting my internship short by doing something drastic. <br><br>The long way that God wants me to go is to simply just go through this internship, and also to not let myself go through the motion so fast through the 3 months. It was probably this recent sermon that made me realise that what I am going through is: <br>- still part of His purpose for me (to build character with God) <br>- the better way through the wilderness. <br><br>I really would've let this internship go if it wasn't for the community that I ever so dearly value in this church. My practical step is to really stay close to community and to really develope a desire for God in the workplace. One other thing I've decided to do also is to journal my thoughts everyday, as I really think that doing so will really stabilise my mind after a day._<br><br> Hope keeps on going</span>