---
title: "Poly Internship: Twenty"
layout: post-itp
permalink: /blogs/internship-poly/:year/:month/:day
categories: internship-poly
---
# Twentieth day of internship

<span class="timestamp">[16:45]</span> Today isn't much, honestly. Like damn, would've never been able to make the e-Logs if it wasn't for this blog for me to refer to. 

I'm just gonna paste this here so that **I** can copy-paste it to future e-Logs, or at least for the first one:

---
---

Task name: Daily Tasks

Task hours: 2

Create and send to team group chat WhatsApp report consisting of:
 - Backup status tracking of NAS
 - Storage space warnings
 - Hard drive temperatures
 - Missing NAS

Checked service reports of the previous day:
 - Done by checking time recorded accurately
    - If there is something wrong, I will check directly with the assignee
 - Rename and save reports to <span ondblclick="this.innerHTML='Infospace'"><REDACTED: company name></span> Storage

---

Task name: Daily Task (Harcopy SR Initiate)

Task hours: 1

Figured out and successfully executed the following:

Save hardcopy service reports to <span ondblclick="this.innerHTML='Infospace'"><REDACTED: company name></span> Storage, using scanner. Used `Internship Guidelines` as a walkthrough of the method of scanning files

---

Task name: Update <span ondblclick="this.innerHTML='scatechgroup.com'">&lt;<b>REDACTED</b>: customer website&gt;</span> (done with <span ondblclick="this.innerHTML='Mr Alan Kuik'">supervisor</span>)

Task hours: 3

Refer to <span ondblclick="this.innerHTML = 'service report SR11785'">a service report</span>:<br>
<span ondblclick="this.innerHTML = 'Scatech'"><**REDACTED**: customer name></span> Request
- remove A record for <span ondblclick="this.innerHTML = 'scatechgroup.com'"><**REDACTED**: customer's former parent></span>
- remove WWW CNAME for <span ondblclick="this.innerHTML = 'scatechgroup.com'"><**REDACTED**: customer's former parent></span>
- update DNS zone & await propagation
- look through existing <span ondblclick="this.innerHTML = 'flexisystems'"><**REDACTED**: other customer name></span> website page by page to find reference to <span ondblclick="this.innerHTML = 'scatechgroup'"><**REDACTED**: customer's former parent></span>

---

Task name: Convert PPTX to HTML 

Task hours: 3

Convert a PowerPoint file into HTML for <span ondblclick="this.innerHTML='http://www.hkntanks.com.sg/'">company</span>, for their website (which appears to be new).

Used online tools, using either convertio or freeconvert. Using downloaded product, i ran the file and using inspection tools built-in to Google Chrome, redownloaded the website file to obtain a refined and easy-to-use set of files.
Identified points where Javascript and CSS files are used and able to successfully link HTML to  the online files.

---

Task name: Service report confirmation

Task hours: 0

Confirm with <span ondblclick="this.innerHTML='Jae Liew'">IT engineer</span> about <span ondblclick="this.innerHTML='SR11807'">a service report</span> if they had done the work remotely or on-site.

They were on-site.

---
---

That is all of the unique e-Logs this week. Now the reflection: 

---
---
As I record my thoughts and actions upon my online journal, and furthermore as I write this reflection now, I find that not all reflections require to be lengthy or wordy, lest my creative juices start to run dry.

This week, much as reflected last week, has been quite passive to me. I have decided to continue to sharpen out my personal website, learning where to put each page in each place.

I find how interesting it is that this company has quite a robust history of being able to record every detail in any act of service and use each account to charge the customer according to units. From this I find that it truly is important to journal my own life too, in every detail, else something left accounted for can snowball over to a bigger problem. Coming from a caring community, I already knew this. 

As of this week (and towards the end of last week), I realize that I became uninspired to re-create my Python RPA, as I pushed myself too much in the first and second week of internship. Perhaps as I enter my second trimester of internship, I could pick it up again, lest I find myself only starting in the third & last trimester.

As I write this reflection, I do intend to give a lot to the next intern, and lucky for them, I would have more time to communicate with them (as my predecessor intern is currently in pre-BMT, he does not have much time to talk with me about certain things, but I appreciate his care and effort). However, it is still too soon to talk about passover for now, hence I shall reflect about this next time. This course and internship has been externally and internally struggling, but isn't that just a part of growing up? 

Thank you for reading!

---
---

<span class="timestamp">[17:50]</span> A third of this internship done, and honestly, as small as the pay is, I still appreciate it, and I don't know how or why became so grateful for it. I do think that so far, the pay is reasonable for what I do now. 

Damn, <span ondblclick="this.innerHTML='Vivian'">V</span> was right, this internship will just fly by like it's nothing. I got good friends, and you should have some too if you don't have any. 

If you're reading this at the end of the first third of your internship, keep on going! You're almost there (kinda)! Hold on to hope that, soon, you too will be free!

aight, God bless.


{% include comments.html %}

<input id="password-input" type="password" class="text-secret" onkeyup="unlock()">

<span class="disable-selection" id="truth" style="display:none;">All day tomorrow and Sunday is will be full of Easter rehearsal, I pray to God that He will continue to protect us cast and crew, physically, mentally & spiritually, and also provide us strength. Easter is so close, its April already, and the Easter schedule is almost insane.<br><br>However, i've seen the worst, imo, and if it's for salvation, i'm all in. Besides, hope keeps on going!</span>
