---
title: "Poly Internship: Five"
layout: post-itp
permalink: /blogs/internship-poly/:year/:month/:day
categories: internship-poly
---
# Fifth day of internship: End of the first week

<span class="timestamp">[07:34]</span> Today, I am trying a different writing style for this blog. I will try to create changes based of the times. 

For you, intern, I am pretty sure that HR asked you to give your learning objectives and goals for your ITP. Perhaps you may have gotten that a week before, but since my internship registering was a bit glitched initially, my deadline is today. After the daily report and service report check, I will perhaps invest some time into that.

<span class="timestamp">[17:28]</span> Everyday, if i'm in the office, i will stay to do work until 6pm, so i got some time right here to do write this down. Today all I learnt to do was to add on more to the report for any missing offline NAS.

__IMPORTANT FOR SUCCESSOR INTERN__: The Internship Guidelines is actually quite outdated. Just take note of that if I was not tasked to update Internship Guidelines for me.

Other than that, I got some free test kits for weekly testing. Cool.

<span class="timestamp">[01:06]</span> Alright, it is quite late now. It is after prayer meeting, but I (kinda) have some time left. Just now, I wrote my reflection. Here is how it went.

> My initial thoughts are quite personal, as this week has been quite the culture shock, going into an entirely new environment, and many different new locations. So much thoughts went through my head after the first day, so many that would've drowned me. I had some concerns over my own mental health, and how I would have faced life.If it wasn't for the community of my church and the advice that comes from the scripture, I would not have gone through the week. They have helped me throughout the week, for I know that it would not have been possible for me to reach to the end of this internship. My autism detests against this, but I know that I have to go through this internship to grow and mature as a human being.<br><br>Other than that, this first week of internship was quite different, and interesting perhaps. I have met so many new people in this week alone, and it slightly drained me but not so much. There was &lt;REDACTED&gt;, &lt;REDACTED&gt;, &lt;REDACTED&gt;, &lt;REDACTED&gt; & &lt;REDACTED&gt;. All of them are definitely interesting in their own way, especially the last one where I spent 2 days in office with him and helped him in doing a lot of technical tasks.<br><br>At the end of the week, I have learnt quite a lot of technical hands-on skills in &lt;REDACTED&gt; and &lt;REDACTED&gt;. I believe that I have recorded some of them in the tasks category. Also, I am creating an online blog about my experiences in internship, where it is also where I express myself beyond professionalism, while also hiding names for privacy. Perhaps I will learn much more in this internship than I will ever had thought of. Thank you for reading.

Here's a tip, start writing your e-Logs and reflections about 2 hours before job ends for the day (4pm), then from there your mind will be straighter and clearer, unlike me right now.

Until next week, intern.

{% include comments.html %}
<span class="disable-selection" onclick="loadText()" style="color:#0001;display:none;">nothing deep happened today</span>
<span class="disable-selection" id="truth" style="display:none;">Every Friday, me and my friends gather to pray for what was shared on the sermon on Sunday, and also to pray for the current COVID situation, globally and Singapore, and also for the church, and also for any mission works that the church does. However, about that last one, missions are still hard to do with a lot borders closed now, but the mission field still exists in xinjiapo.<br><br>I can't believe, I can't believe there was a time when I was younger that I dreaded these kinds of gatherings. Everyday now, I long to continue to build strong relationships with my spiritual family.<br><br>If you have a spiritual family, <span style="font-size:130%;">never ever forsake the gathering of the God's people</span>. Hope keeps on going.</span>