---
title: "Poly Internship: Sixteen"
layout: post-sequential
permalink: /blogs/internship-poly/:year/:month/:day
categories: internship-poly
---
# Sixteenth day of internship

<span class="timestamp">[09:55]</span> For the first time, I decided to scan the hardcopy service reports. With the internship guidelines, it was quite easy, and it works too. Finally i could add something spicy into [what i did today](#what-i-did-today)

One thing that I want to do today though is to rewrite that internship guidelines, make it much more easy to read. Don't get me wrong, it's fine, it's just me.

<span class="timestamp">[15:51]</span> Kinda tired now, but it is a weird kind of tired. Its a mixture of tired of life, physical tiredness, mental tiredness, spiritual tiredness, but its all varying. Further details about this goes a bit spiritual<sup><a href="#1">[1]</a></sup>.

<span class="timestamp">[16:43]</span> My burnout from developing the Python RPA still persists, but just barely enough for me to return to it this week, though I won't make any promises.

### What I did today
* Save hardcopy service reports to <span ondblclick="this.innerHTML = 'Infospace'">&lt;**REDACTED**&gt;</span> Storage, using printer's scanner. 
    * Used internship guidelines for help. 10/10 very useful and straightforward


{% include comments.html url=page.url %}

<input id="password-input" type="password" class="text-secret" onkeyup="unlock()">

<span class="disable-selection" onclick="loadText()" style="color:#0001;display:none;">nothing deep happened today</span>
<span class="disable-selection" id="truth" style="display:none;"><sup id="1">[1]</sup> Until after Good Friday & Easter Sunday, my weekends will be consumed with rehearsals after rehearsals. I must admit, I was the one who indicated interest in acting for the church's Easter production. In all honesty, I thank God that I got quite a minor role. Like, i'm not a good guy or a bad guy, kind of a sideline actually, but the role was necessary. Just like in 2018 though, my energy would deplete severely when it reached night during each rehearsal. It was mostly just physical tiredness, but for some reason I also feel the mental energy being gone. Like, it wasn't me being introverted, i'm more or less in-between that and extroverted. It was more like, damn, I don't have time to do my own thing every week.<br><br>Of course, it's natural that that happens, i'm pretty sure the main characters feel that much more. However, something funny about this is that I get to have more free time in internship as compared to my weekends. My world is upside down, my gosh.<br><br>This whole situation though, I reminded myself this: hey, you've been through this 4 times before, yet you're internally complaining again? Have you forgotten the joy that you will always have when you hear of the wave of salvations that comes every Easter, Christmas and ES?? <br><br>It appears that my sense of time in a daily and monthly scale has been dismantled drastically. I wouldn't believe you so much if you told me that today was March, or rather late March. <br><br>Anyway, to wrap things up, i found Isaiah 40:31. Perhaps, the Lord is where I should put my hope in. Yeah, that is the way. Even though I may not feel so great now, even if I feel like the season in my life may seem dry, God will always lead in His loving and mysterious ways, and in the long journeys throughout the wilderness, if God is there, then it is the safest place for anyone if they follow Him.</span>