---
title: "Poly Internship: 46"
layout: post-sequential
permalink: /blogs/internship-poly/:year/:month/:day
categories: internship-poly
tags: 
---
# 46th day of internship

<span class="timestamp">[17:37]</span> <sup><a href="#1">[1]</a></sup> idk about you, but i feel like internship really is a good place to make you think. 

Is this really the industry that I want to go to as a career?

hmmmm...  that aside, i really need to start working on that report & poster. I really hope that what I have done will inspire you, one way or another. ngl, i'm not sure to what extent, for all i know the previous intern didn't really help much. all they did was to redirect me to the blacboard & the itp portal. If I don't get a solid report by my second-last week, then yeah you can expect me to do same lol.

good lord I just hope I can at least get a pass for itp :')

<span class="timestamp">[19:32]</span> <sup><a href="#2">[2]</a></sup>

<span class="timestamp">[21:57]</span> you know, as I was looking through my discord, i saw that my visual studio code was still open (i'm home by now) and i feel like that there should be no obligations to have a high amount of changes per push to your repository :)

### What I did today
* Enabled forwarding for <span class='disable-selection' ondblclick="this.innerHTML='henry.tan@flexisystems.com.sg'">&lt;<b>REDACTED</b>&gt;</span> to <span class='disable-selection' ondblclick="this.innerHTML='sales@flexisystems.com.sg'">&lt;<b>REDACTED</b>&gt;</span>
* Disabled forwarding for <span class='disable-selection' ondblclick="this.innerHTML='henry.tan@flexisystems.com.sg'">&lt;<b>REDACTED</b>&gt;</span> to <span class='disable-selection' ondblclick="this.innerHTML='sales@flexisystems.com.sg'">&lt;<b>REDACTED</b>&gt;</span>
* Test USB-SATA Dock 
    * End result: Functional
* Pass items to <span class='disable-selection' ondblclick="this.innerHTML='Mr Alan'">&lt;<b>REDACTED</b>&gt;</span> from office to their car. The following items are:
    * Seagate HDD (that was acquired [last week Friday](https://arifhamed.com/blogs/internship-poly/2022/05/06))
    * Dell Lattitude 3420
    * Dell Essential Laptop bag
    * USB-SATA DOck
    * An IKEA bag that i took from <span class='disable-selection' ondblclick="this.innerHTML='Mr Alan'">&lt;<b>REDACTED</b>&gt;</span>'s car 2 weeks ago to transport something.

{% include comments.html url=page.url %}

<input id="password-input" type="password" class="text-secret" onkeyup="unlock()">

<span class="disable-selection" id="truth" style="display:none;"><sup id="1">[1]</sup> My mind is still in scatters, but it's alright. This time i'll take it easy<br><br>However, there is still something that bother's me in the back of my head. The Christian community, sure they can support me, but how can they help/relate to my struggles with autism? Like really, I can't just make them read about ASD, unless they're educators, which unironically, many of my friends are experienced in kindergarten. In fact, that's what i'm going to do. They're the closest thing I can really talk about my condition with. Them and that one person, but that one person is quite a busy person, so meh. <br><br>I really want to get to spend more time with them so that I can open up and really talk about who I really am. The true me. However, the opportunities aren't frequent. I can only think of a few too.<br><br>heheh. What if when i do talk to them, they end up deciding to study special education in the end? that'll be pretty cool imo.<br><br><sup id="2">[2]</sup> So i was reading something on a discord server, turns out my inner desire to be different, isn't just me just being weird, turns out i see everything as a social construct. Goddamn, everything is a social construct, ranging from food to relationships.</span>
